- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
(Cersei comes to join Margaery, who eyes her warily)
Margaery Tyrell: (coolly) Your Grace?
Cersei Lannister: (they both watch her son Tommen) There he is.
Margaery Tyrell: Long may he reign.
Cersei Lannister: 'Long may he reign.'
Margaery Tyrell: He sits the Throne like he was born to it.
Cersei Lannister: Yes. He wasn't, though, was he?
Margaery Tyrell: No, he wasn't.
Cersei Lannister: You still mourn for Joffrey? (touches Margaery's black mantle)
Margaery Tyrell: He was my husband, my King.
Cersei Lannister: He would have been your nightmare.
Margaery Tyrell: (pause) Your Grace, I-
Cersei Lannister: You knew exactly what he was. I did, too. You never love anything in the world the way you love your first child. It doesn't matter what they do. And what he did, it shocked me. Do you think I'm easily shocked?
Margaery Tyrell: No.
Cersei Lannister: The things he did shocked me. (Margaery glances at her, then they both look towards Tommen) He's only a boy. A good boy, a decent boy, he always has been. Who was the last decent king, I wonder?... He could be the first man to sit on that throne in fifty years to actually deserve it.
Margaery Tyrell: (nods) It would be some consolation, wouldn't it? For all the horror that put him there.
Cersei Lannister: He will need help... if he's going to rule well. (looks pointedly at Margaery)
Margaery Tyrell: He has you. (ducks her head respectfully)
Cersei Lannister: A mother is not enough. You're still interested in being Queen, I take it?
Margaery Tyrell: (scoffs) After all that's happened? (Cersei continues looking at her pointedly) It sounds strange, I know, but I haven't given any thought to it. What comes next. (she meets Cersei's gaze) It would be a great honor, of course. But I will have to speak to my father about it. (she watches Mace Tyrell talking to someone in the hall)
Cersei Lannister: Yes, speak to your father. I'll speak to mine. (watches Tywin, standing next to Tommen's throne.)
Margaery Tyrell: (leans close to Cersei conspiratorially) We may be faced with an alarming number of weddings soon. (they both smile, amused) I won't even know what to call you. Sister, or Mother? (Cersei's smile fades as she looks away, remembering her betrothal to Loras)
________________________________________
Jorah Mormont: Joffrey Baratheon is dead. Murdered at his own wedding. (Daenerys stares at him in amazement)
Barristan Selmy: And we've taken the Meereenese Navy, Your Grace.
Daario Naharis: The Second Sons took the Meereenese Navy.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sharply) Who told you to take their Navy?
Daario Naharis: No one.
Daenerys Targaryen: So why did you do it?
Daario Naharis: I heard you like ships. (shrugs at Selmy as Daenerys turns away)
Daenerys Targaryen: How many ships?
Barristan Selmy: Ninety-three, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many men can they carry?
Barristan Selmy: Ninety-three hundred, not counting sailors.
Daenerys Targaryen: (looks to Jorah Mormont) Would that be enough to take King's Landing?
Jorah Mormont: The Lannisters have more.
Barristan Selmy: (confidently) They've been fighting Joffrey's mad wars for years. They're tired, dispersed, and now their King is dead. (Daario Naharis nods) 8,000 Unsullied and 2,000 Second Sons sail into Blackwater Bay, storm the gates without warning... (Dany continues to look to Jorah)
Jorah Mormount: It's hard to say. Could be enough... but we're not fighting to make you Queen of King's Landing. Ten thousand men cannot conquer Westeros.
Barristan Selmy: The old Houses will flock to our Queen when she crosses the Narrow Sea.
Jorah Mormount: The old Houses will flock to whichever side they think will win, as they always have. (stands up) There's other news, from Yunkai. Without the Unsullied to enforce your rule, the Wise Masters have re-taken control of the city. They've re-enslaved what freed men have stayed behind and sworn to take revenge against you. (Daenerys turns away) And in Astapor, the council you installed to rule over the city has been overthrown by a butcher named Cleon, who's declared himself 'His Imperial Majesty'.
Daenerys Targaryen: (to her council) Please leave me. (they begin to leave) Not you, Jorah. (Jorah comes back) It appears my liberation of Slaver's Bay isn't going quite as planned.
Jorah Mormont: You could sail for Westeros and leave it all behind. A boy sits on the Iron Throne, a boy whom many believe to be a bastard with no right to it. They have never been more vulnerable.
Daenerys Targaryen: You counceled me against rashness in Qarth. I didn't listen, but all worked out well. (pause) How can I rule seven Kingdoms if I can't control Slaver's Bay? Why should anyone trust me? Why should anyone follow me?! (turns away)
Jorah Mormont: You're a Targaryen. You're the Mother of Dragons.
Daenerys Targaryen: I need to be more than that. (turns around again) I will not let those I have freed slide back into chains. I will not sail for Westeros.
Jorah Mormont: What, then?
Daenerys Targaryen: I will do what Queens do. I will rule.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tywin Lannister: When will the wedding take place, in your mind?
Cersei Lannister: As soon as decency permits. After we've allowed Tommen the appropriate time to mourn his brother... and Margaery, to mourn her husband.
Tywin Lannister: A fortnight?
Cersei Lannister: That seems reasonable.
Tywin Lannister: (nods) No jugglers, no jousting dwarves, no seventy-seven-course meals. (Cersie nods assent) And your wedding to Loras?
Cersei Lannister: (glares at him)... Shortly after Tommen's.
Tywin Lannister: (suspicious) Shortly?
Cersei Lannister: (impatiently) A fortnight.
Tywin Lannister: (nods, satisfied) I know you don't like them. (smiles wryly) I didn't like your husband- he used to pat me on the back a lot. I didn't trust him.
Cersei Lannister: We had that in common.
Tywin Lannister: You don't need to make formal alliances with people you trust.
Cersei Lannister: And whom can we trust?
Tywin Lannister: Ourselves, alone. (stands up, pours wine) The Tyrells are our only true rivals in terms of resources and we need them on our side. (passes Cersei a goblet)
Cersei Lannister: Robert wasn't particularly rich.
Tywin Lannister: (scornfully) Robert had me funding him. (pours himself wine) Wars swallowed gold like a pit in the earth.
Cersei Lannister: I suppose that explains why we did so well in the last one. (takes a drink)
Tywin Lannister: D'you know how much gold was mined in the Westerlands, this past year?
Cersei Lannister: (deadpan) Haven't a clue.
Tywin Lannister: Go on. Your best guess.
Cersei Lannister: Pounds, tons, ounces?
Tywin Lannister: (grimly) Doesn't matter. The answer's the same.
Cersei Lannister: (stares at him) That can't be.
Tywin Lannister: Our last working goldmine ran dry three years ago.
Cersei Lannister: (pause) Then how do we pay for anything?
Tywin Lannister: The Crown owes the Iron Bank of Braavos a tremendous amount of money. (walks back to his desk)
Cersei Lannister: How much?
Tywin Lannister: A tremendous amount. (sits down)
Cersei Lannister: There must be someone at the Iron Bank that you can speak to. Come to some arrangement.
Tywin Lannister: (impatiently) The Iron Bank is the Iron Bank; there is no someone. (takes a drink)
Cersei Lannister: (also impatiently) Someone does work there, it is comprised of people-
Tywin Lannister: And a temple is comprised of stones; one stone crumbles, and another takes its place and the temple holds its form for a thousand years or more. And that's what the Iron Bank is. A temple. We all live in its shadow, and almost none of us know it. You can't run from them, you can't cheat them, you can't sway them with excuses. If you owe them money and you don't want to crumble yourself, you pay it back. (pause) Vesting the Tyrells in the Crown will help a great deal, in this respect.
Cersei Lannister: (nods) It's for the good of the family, I understand that. (pause) I'm not sure my brothers do. (drinks)
Tywin Lannister: I know you're building a strong case against Tyrion and as a mother that is your right. But as a judge, I cannot discuss the trial with you.
Cersei Lannister: (shrugs hastily) I respect that we don't need to discuss it. (sets down her goblet, stands up) The Lannister legacy is the only thing that matters. You've started wars to protect this family, turned your back on Jaime for refusing to contribute to it's future. What does Tyrion deserve, for lighting that future on fire? (She walks out, Tywin watches her)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Lysa Arryn: What took you so long?
Petyr Baelish: Arranging for the ascension of King Tommen I, extricating Sansa, getting her here alive.
Lysa Arryn: She's here. We've spent more than enough time on her for one evening. Let's get married tonight.
Petyr Baelish: Ought we not inform the Lords of the Vale about the ceremony?
Lysa Arryn: There's only one Lord of the Vale. The others can all hang. Lurking and simpering on the stairs like buzzards the moment my husband died, trying to get their claws in me.
Petyr Baelish:I do think that we could wait until-
Lysa Arryn: I'm done waiting, Petyr. We had our wedding night many years ago. Or don't you remember?
Petyr Baelish: Like it was yesterday.
Lysa Arryn: What wife would do for you the things I've done for you? What wife would trust you the way I've trusted you? When you gave me those drops and told me to pour them into Jon's wine, my husband's wine- when you told me to write a letter to Cat telling her it was the Lannisters--
[Petyr interrupts Lysa by kissing her passionatly]
Petyr Baelish: The deed is done. Faded into nothing. Only speaking of it can make it real. Tonight it is, then. Let me bathe and dress for the occasion. Once I'm presentable, I'll call on the septon immediately.
[Lysa opens the doors, revealing a septon]
Lysa Arryn: I'm warning you. I'm going to scream when my husband makes love to me. I'm going to scream so loud, they'll hear me clear across the Narrow Sea.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Oberyn Martell: (As he is writing in the gardens, Cersei appears; as she and her Lannister guardsmen approach, he glances at them and sets down his quill) Your Grace. (stands up, half-bows)
Cersei Lannister: (smiles) Prince Oberyn. (indicates the paper) Writing letters?
Oberyn Martell: A poem, actually.
Cersei Lannister: (nods) May I show you the gardens?
Oberyn Martell: (smiles wryly) I couldn't very well refuse a royal escort.
Cersei Lannister: (smiles) No, you couldn't. (they walk through the royal gardens, the guards trailing them at a distance) I didn't realize you were a poet.
Oberyn Martell: Not a very good one, I'm afraid.
Cersei Lannister: For your paramour?
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) For one of my daughters.
Cersei Lannister': You have several, don't you?
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) Eight.
Cersei Lannister: (chuckles) Eight? Eight daughters...
Oberyn Martell: The fifth is difficult. I named her after my sister, Elia.
Cersei Lannister: Beautiful name.
Oberyn Martell: Yes- but I can't say it without turning sad. And, after I turn sad... I grow angry.
Cersei Lannister: (raises an eyebrow) Perhaps that's why she's difficult. (pause) The Gods love their stupid jokes, don't they?
Oberyn Martell: Which joke is that?
Cersei Lannister: You're a Prince of Dorne- a legendary fighter, a brilliant man feared throughout Westeros... but you could not save your sister. I am a Lannister, a Queen for nineteen years, daughter of the most powerful man alive, but I could not save my son. What good is power, if you cannot protect the ones you love?
Oberyn Martell: We can avenge them.
Cersei: Yes- we can avenge them. (they reach the coastal cliffs)
Oberyn Martell: (skeptically) You really believe Tyrion murdered your son?
Cersei Lannister: (meets his eyes) I know he did.
Oberyn Martell: Well, we will have a trial, and then we will learn the truth.
Cersei Lannister: We'll have a trial, anyway. (pause) I haven't seen my daughter in over a year.
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) The last time I saw her, she was swimming with two of my girls in the Water Gardens... laughing in the sun.
Cersei Lannister: (nods slowly) I want to believe that. I want to believe... she's happy.
Oberyn Martell: (gently) You have my word. (pause) We don't hurt little girls, in Dorne.
Cersei Lannister: (sadly,bitterly)... Everywhere in the world, they hurt little girls. (Oberyn looks away, unable to deny it; there is an awkward pause) Would you bring her a gift, from me? (Oberyn looks at her) I wasn't there for her Nameday... I don't know when I'll see her again.
Oberyn Martell: Anything at all. (Cersei points to a small ship with gold-striped sails, in the harbor)
Cersei Lannister: The best shipwrights in King's Landing have been working on it for months (smiles tearfully)...Myrcella loves the open water.
Oberyn Martell: I will have it sailed down to Sunspear for her.
Cersei Lannister: (voice breaking) Please tell her... her mother misses her, very much. (She nods to Oberyn and walks away with her escort; Oberyn stares after her with a conflicted expression)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Lysa Arryn: Your mother always had a sweet tooth, you know?
Sansa Stark: Really?
Lysa Arryn: Oh, yes. At suppertime, she would go straight for honey cakes, candied almonds, custard. Anything sweet. Eventually, your grandfather had to assign a septa to watch her at meals. Cat was the firstborn daughter after all. It was important that she remain desirable so Father could arrange a good match for her and she was starting to get fat.
Sansa Stark: [incredulous] My mother fat? She never let me have my pudding until I'd finished all my proper food.
Lysa Arryn: This is before she married your father and moved to the North. By the time you were born, your father's austerity had become hers. Marriage changes people. [notices Sansa has stopped eating] I didn't mean for you to stop. Go on, enjoy them. How do you like them?
Sansa Stark: They're delicious. Where did you get the lemons? You can't grow them up here.
Lysa Arryn: Oh, gods, no. Petyr had three crates brought all the way from King's Landing. He knew you liked lemon cakes.
Sansa Stark: He's so kind.
Lysa Arryn: He really cares for you. Think where you'd be without him. In their clutches and tried for murder.
Sansa Stark: Yes. I'm very lucky.
Lysa Arryn: He feels responsible for you.
Sansa Stark: Oh, I know he does. I'm so grateful.
Lysa Arryn: [sharply] Why? Why does he feel responsible for you?
Sansa Stark: Well, I'm half Tully. He loved your... family so much.
Lysa Arryn: Loved your mother.
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: That's what you wanted to say.
Sansa Stark: He loves you, Aunt Lysa. He's married to you.
Lysa Arryn: Your mother never loved him. Never. Cat always went straight for the sweetest thing. The most obvious thing. Your Uncle Brandon. Your handsome, arrogant, cruel Uncle Brandon. He almost killed Petyr in a duel. And your mother loved him anyway. And now Petyr is risking his life to save you, the daughter of a woman who didn't love him no more than those whores in his brothels. Has he told you about them?
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: He hasn't told you about the vile things they do with their bodies? [squeezes Sansa's hands] The vile things they let him do with their bodies?
Sansa Stark: No, never.
Lysa Arryn: Are you pregnant?
Sansa Stark: What? No, I told you. Lord Tyrion and I never-
Lysa Arryn: I wasn't asking about Tyrion. What have you let Petyr do with your body?
Sansa Stark: Aunt Lysa, no, I-
Lysa Arryn: Your young, pretty body.
Sansa Stark: Nothing. I'm a virgin.
Lysa Arryn: Don't lie to me.
Sansa Stark: You're hurting me.
Lysa Arryn: I'll know if you lie.
Sansa Stark: I'm a virgin, I swear it. He loves you, Aunt Lysa. All he says is that I'm stupid. I'm a stupid little girl with stupid dreams who never learns and I'm a terrible liar, so I should always tell the truth. And I swear to you that he has never touched me. Not once, not ever.
Lysa Arryn: Shh. Shh. Shh. It's all right. It will all be all right. You'll be a widow soon. They'll execute that dwarf for murdering the king and you'll be free to marry Robin. You'll be the Lady of the Vale.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Arya Stark: Joffrey...Cersei...Walder Frey...Meryn Trant...Tywin Lannister...The Red Woman...Beric Dondarrion...Thoros of Myr...Illyn Payne...The Mountain...
Sandor "The Hound" Clegane: Would you shut up?
Arya Stark: I can't sleep until I say the names.
Sandor Clegane: The names of every fucking person in Westeros?
Arya Stark: Only the ones I'm going to kill.
Sandor Clegane: Huh. (nods) Hate's as good a thing as any to keep a man going- better than most. (pause) We come across my brother... maybe we can both cross a name off a list.
Arya Stark: (sits up) If he were here right now, what would you do?
Sandor Clegane: (glances at her) I'd tell him to shut the fuck up so I can get some sleep. (closes his eyes) Go on, get it over with- your list of doomed men.
Arya Stark: I'm almost done. Only one name left.
Sandor Clegane: Go on!
Arya Stark: (lies down, pause) The Hound. (she closes her eyes, Sandor opens his and glances at her for a moment)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sandor Clegane: The hell you doing?
Arya Stark: Practicing.
Sandor Clegane: What, ways to die?
Arya Stark: No one's going to kill me.
Sandor Clegane: They will if you nance around like that. That's no way to fight.
Arya Stark: It's not fighting. It's water dancing.
Sandor Clegane: Dancing? Maybe you ought to put on a dress. Who taught you that shite?
Arya Stark: The greatest swordsman who ever lived. Syrio Forel, the First Sword to the Sealord of Braavos.
Sandor Clegane: [scoffs] Braavos. Greasy-haired little bastard, I bet. They all are.
Arya Stark: What do you know about anything?
Sandor Clegane: I bet his hair is greasier than Joffrey's cunt.
Arya Stark: It was not.
Sandor Clegane: Was? He dead?
Arya Stark: Yes.
Sandor Clegane: How?
Arya Stark: He was killed.
Sandor Clegane: Who by?
Arya Stark: Meryn Trant. That's why Ser Meryn--
Sandor Clegane: Meryn Trant? The greatest swordsman who ever lived killed by Meryn fucking Trant?
Arya Stark: He was outnumbered.
Sandor Clegane: Any boy whore with a sword could beat three Meryn Trants.
Arya Stark: Syrio didn't have a sword. Or armor. Just a stick.
Sandor Clegane: The greatest swordsman who ever lived didn't have a sword? [laughs] All right. You have a sword. Let's see what he taught you. Go on, do it for your Braavosi friend. Dead like all the rest of your friends.
[Arya stabs him with Needle, but the sword won't penetrate his armor and Sandor smacks her in the face, knocking her down; he picks up Needle and holds the point to her throat ]
Sandor Clegane: Your friend's dead and Meryn Trant's not. 'Cause Trant had armor, and a big fucking sword. [he reverses Needle and offers her the handle]
________________________________________
[Jon Snow and the Night's Watch have invaded Craster's Keep, manned by the mutineers; Jon enters the dining-hall to find Karl Tanner killing one of the Brothers]
Karl Tanner: (draws twin daggers and bows mockingly to Jon) Lord Snow. You bringin' me back for trial? (sharpens his blades against each other as Jon advances on him, holding Longclaw) We had a good thing here. We were free men. You'll never be free. You'll never know what that's like- (he and Jon rush each other, clash momentarily, then circle the fire; Karl grins and attacks again. Jon is unable to use his sword properly at such close quarters and Karl elbows him in the face) You learn how to fight in a castle? (Jon attacks him, but Karl manages to pin his sword momentarily and wound him in the hip) Some old man teach you how to stand, how to parry? (Jon forces him back, but Karl hits him in the face again) How to fight with honor?! (Jon continues to attack, but is clearly getting the worst of it) You know what's wrong with honor? (they pin their blades against each other and Karl spits in Jon's face, trips him, kicks Longclaw out of his hand and steps on his wrist. Karl raises his blades for the kill, but suddenly one of Craster's daughter-wives stabs him in the shoulder) You... (pulls the knife out of his shoulder and advances on her furiously. Suddenly, Jon thrusts Longclaw through the back of Karl's head and out his mouth, killing him)
Jon Snow: (withdraws Longclaw from Karl's head and kneels next to the woman) Are you all right? (she nods, staring at Karl's corpse) Come with me- come on.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Jon and Craster's daughter-wife come outside to find Grenn and the other Brothers killing the last of the mutineers. Edd drags Locke's body over to the pile of corpses, unaware of his betrayal]
Jon Snow: We lost four brothers?
Dolorous Edd: Five. (indicates Locke)
Grenn: (stares at Locke's horribly broken neck) What in Seven Hells could do that to a man?
Jon Snow: (glances around) I count ten dead mutineers. Locke said there were eleven of them.
Dolorous Edd: Where's Rast? (brief montage of Rast fleeing through the snowy forest and being killed by Ghost)
Watchman: Here's another!
Grenn: (glances up and sees Ghost appear at the gate of Craster's Keep) Jon? (indicates Ghost when Jon looks up)
Jon Snow: (smiles) Where in Seven Hells?! Come here!(Ghost comes up to his master, whining happily, and Jon pets him) I've missed you, boy.
Dolorous Edd: (indicates Craster's surviving daughter-wives) What should we do with this lot?
Jon Snow: (addresses them) It's not safe for you out here on your own. Mance Rayder has an army heading this way, and there's worse out there than Mance. (pause) Come with us to Castle Black- we can find you work, keep you safe.
Craster's first wife: Meaning all respect, Ser Crow- Craster beat us, and worse. Your brother Crows beat us, and worse. We'll find our own way.
Jon Snow: (looks from her to the damaged Keep) You want to stay here? In Craster's Keep?
Craster's first wife: (looks up at the hall and spits) Burn it to the ground and all the dead with it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, if you'd like to sit-
Stannis Baratheon: (pacing impatiently) We've been here since mid-day!
Davos Seaworth: Easterners often have a different sense of time, I've found. Once, I was waiting for Salladhor Saan, here on Braavos- together we were gonna run three shiploads of the finest- (sees the look on Stannis' face and breaks off. As Stannis resumes his pacing, three envoys of the Iron Bank of Braavos finally enter and sit)
Tycho Nestoris: (smiles coldly) Welcome to the Iron Bank. Please...sit (Stannis looks from Davos to the envoys, then finally sits) What can we do for you, Lord Stannis?
Davos Seaworth: (angrily) This is Stannis of the House Baratheon- King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm! (Tycho pauses, then gestures for him to sit; Davos does so)
Tycho Nestoris: The Iron Throne is currently occupied by Tommen of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
Stannis Baratheon: He shares no blood with me. He was a bastard born of incest, as was his brother before him.
Tycho Nestoris: (smiles, nods) Yes- we've heard this story.
Stannis Baratheon: It's not a story! It's the truth!
Tycho Nestoris: The King's grandfather tells a different story: a story about a jealous uncle, whose attempts to usurp the throne from the rightful King cost the Seven Kingdoms dearly, in blood... and gold.
Stannis Baratheon: Gold you loaned him.
Tycho Nestoris: And you feel your blood gives you a claim on our gold?
Stannis Baratheon: More than any man living.
Tycho Nestoris: Across the Narrow Sea, your books are filled with words like "Usurper", "Madman" and "blood right". Here, our books are filled with numbers. We prefer the stories they tell- more plain, less... open to interpretation. (smiles) How many fighting men remain loyal to you?
Stannis Baratheon: Four thousand.
Tycho Nestoris: And how many ships do you have? (Davos opens his mouth to speak) The ones still afloat, Ser Davos- not at the bottom of Blackwater Bay.
Davos Seaworth:...Thirty-two.
Tycho Nestoris: And, how much wheat and barley and beef and pork do you produce on Dragonstone to feed your... four thousand men, on your thirty-two ships?
Stannis Baratheon: None.
Tycho Nestoris: (raises his eyebrows) You can see why these numbers seem unlikely to add up to a happy ending, from our perspective. I'm afraid we must...respectfully decline your request. But we thank you for paying us the honor of your visit. (Stannis glares at Davos; they stand up. Stannis moves away, but Davos steps towards the table)
Davos Seaworth: My lord-
Tycho Nestoris: I'm not a lord, Ser Davos Seaworth. You would not be either here. In Braavos, thieves are not rewarded with titles.
Davos Seaworth: Well, strictly speaking, I didn't do the thieving. That would be the pirates. I just moved what they stole from one place to another. (shows his mutilated hand) This is the payment that was demanded by King Stannis for my crimes. I consider it an honest accounting. He's an honest man and he's your best chance to get back the money you've sunk into Westeros. Which is a lot, I imagine. Wars are expensive.
Tycho Nestoris: The war is over.
Davos Seaworth: As long as Stannis lives, the war is not over. Who's the real power in King's Landing?
Tycho Nestoris: Ser Davos-
Davos Seaworth: Humor me.
Tycho Nestoris: Tywin Lannister.
Davos Seaworth: How old is Tywin Lannister?
Tycho Nestoris: 67.
Davos Seaworth: 67. And when he dies, who's in command? A half-grown boy, the product of incest? [Tycho begins to frown for the first time.] Cersei Lannister, a queen whose people despise her? Jaime Lannister, a man best known for killing the king he was sworn to protect? When Tywin's gone, who do you back?
Tycho Nestoris: That is a problem for another time.
Davos Seaworth: Begging your pardon, I think it's a problem for now. There's only one reliable leader left in Westeros. (points to Stannis, who turns to stare at him) Stannis. He's got the birthright. He's in his prime. He's a tried and tested battle commander. (shows his hand again) And he doesn't just talk about paying people back, he does it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Yara Greyjoy has stormed the Dreadfort with a band of Ironborn to rescue her brother Theon; she finds him locked in the dog kennels]
Bolton guard: Last cage on the right! (a bell begins to toll, alerting the castle to the attack)
Yara Greyjoy: Thank you. (she slits his throat with her hatchet, then approaches Theon's cage; Ramsay's hounds begin barking and snarling) We're going home. (Theon/Reek backs against the wall of his cage, terrified; Yara smashes the lock off the door with her hatchet)
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: No! (backs away from her as she opens the door)
Yara Greyjoy: It's all right! It's me,Yara.
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: You can't trick m! Tell him! Tell him you couldn't trick me!
Yara Greyjoy: I'm not tricking you, Theon! I'm saving you-
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: Not Theon! Reek! Reek! My name's Reek!
Bolton guards: (nearby) They're here!
Greyjoy bannerman: If they catch us in here, we're trapped!
Yara Greyjoy: Help me with him! (she grabs Theon by the arm and pulls him out of the cage, assisted by her bannerman)
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: (crying hysterically) No, you can't! You can't!
Yara Greyjoy: You're Theon Greyjoy!
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: No! I've never been him! Please- I'm Reek, good Reek, I've always been Reek!-
[The Greyjoy bannerman covers his mouth. At that moment, Ramsay Snow and a number of Bolton bannermen enter the kennels; Theon immediately goes silent with terror as Ramsay stares at Yara and her men]
Ramsay Snow: (grins viciously and draws his weapons) This is turning into a lovely evening. (The Bolton and Greyjoy forces attack each other, while the dogs in their cages are driven into a frenzy by the battle. Yara tries to keep hold of Theon, but he bites her arm, forcing her to let go; he flees back into his cage)
Yara Greyjoy: Aaargh! Theon! (She is forced to re-enter the battle. By the time it is settled, she and her two remaining men are near the entrance to the kennels, while Ramsay and his two remaining men are near Theon's cage) Give me my brother back, and no more of your men will die.
Ramsay Snow: (shrugs) You've got bigger balls than he ever did. (puts away his dagger and pulls out a bunch of keys) But, with those... big balls of yours... (grins savagely at her as he moves to unlock the hounds' cages) How fast can you run?!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Yara Greyjoy: (fleeing back to the longboats with her surviving men) Make for the ship now.
Greyjoy Bannerman: But your brother?
Yara Greyjoy: (grimly) My brother's dead.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Varys: Prince Oberyn.
Oberyn Martell: Lord Varys.
Varys: Only "Varys". I'm not actually a nobleman; no-one is under obligation to call me "Lord".
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) And yet everyone does. (Varys shrugs)
Varys:...You seemed quite knowledgeable about the Unsullied, Prince Oberyn. Did you spend much time in Essos?
Oberyn Martell: Five years.
Varys: May I ask why?
Oberyn: It is a big and beautiful world. Most people live and die in the same corner where we were born, and never get to see any of it. I don't want to be most of us.
Varys: (smiles) Most of us aren't princes.
Oberyn Martell: (stares at Varys for a moment, then smiles) Hmm. You...are from Essos. Where? Lhys?... (notices Varys' disconcerted expression) I have an ear for accents.
Varys: (sharply) I've lost my accent entirely.
Oberyn Martell: (smiles, nods) I have an ear for that as well. (pause) How did you get here?
Varys: It's a long story.
Oberyn Martell: (shrugs) One you don't like telling people?
Varys: (looks away) People I trust...
Oberyn Martell: (approaches him slowly) My paramour, Ellaria, she would find you very interesting. You should come to the brothel and meet her. We've brought our own wine- not the swill they serve here- and we have some lovely boys, on retainer. You did like boys, before? (Varys shakes his head, Oberyn looks surprised) Really? Girls? Hmm- hope you won't be offended when I say I never would have guessed.
Varys: Not at all... but I was never interested in girls either.
Oberyn Martell: (frowns) What, then?
Varys: Nothing.
Oberyn Martell: Everybody is interested in something.
Varys: (grimly) Not me. When I see what desire does to people- what it's done to this country- I am very glad to have no part in it. Besides, the absence of desire leaves one free to pursue... other things.
Oberyn Martell: Such as?... (he follows Vary's gaze to the Iron Throne; Varys walks away, and Oberyn smiles)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Salladhor Saan: The lookout sees a pirate ship sailing their way. The captain shouts to his first mate, "Bring me my red shirt." The first mate brings the red shirt and the captain puts it on, and when the pirates try to board, the brave captain leads his men to victory. (Davos comes into the bathhouse, overhears Salladhor, and heads towards him) A few days later, the lookout screams, "Two pirate ships!" The crew is shivering like scared mice. But the courageous captain hollers, "Bring me my red shirt!" After the battle, the first mate asks, "Captain, why do you call for your red shirt before battle?" The captain replies, "So that if I am stabbed, you will not see me bleed." The next morning the lookout screams, "Ten pirate ships! We are surrounded!" The crew goes silent. They all look to their brave captain, waiting for his usual command. Calm as ever, the captain bellows\A1\AA
Whores: [together] "Bring me my brown pants!!" [laughing]
Davos Seaworth: You think they ever met a pirate who didn't tell them that joke?
Salladhor Saan:...Davos (Davos chuckles) I heard you were rotting in a dungeon in Dragonstone!
Davos Seaworth: Only half-rotted. ( glances at one of the whores walking by; Salladhor chuckles and claps hands with him)
Salladhor Saan: Join us, my friend- join us! This is Lara- (indicates the first whore)
2nd Whore: I'm Lara! (squeals as Salladhor fondles her)
Salladhor Saan: She's an artist, this one- truly. (chuckles)
Davos Seaworth: No time, I'm afraid. We sail at sunrise.
Salladhor Saan: "We?"
Davos Seaworth: You, me- we.
Salladhor Saan: (rolls his eyes, to the whores) Once, I thought this man loved me- Now, I know he despises me. (whores giggle, Davos smiles) He wants to see me die poor and alone on some bald- (Davos drops a heavy leather purse on the edge of the bath with a thump, distracting Salladhor; he opens it to reveal rows and rows of gold coins)
Davos Seaworth: You won't be alone, and you won't be poor. There's a chest of the good stuff back at your house. I gave it to your wife. (Salladhor looks up sharply, then scowls at him as the whores giggle)
Salladhor Saan: You're not my friend, my friend. (Davos grins and stands up)
Davos Seaworth: I'll see you at sunrise.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Dany is petitioned by a man carrying a ragged bundle]
Missandei: (speaking Valyrian) You stand before Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, the Unburnt, the Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons. (the petitioner doesn't move, his face turned down in fear)
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles, also speaking Valyrian) Don't be afraid, my friend. (the petitioner still doesn't move)
Missandei: (in Valyrian) The Queen says you may approach and speak. (the man slowly comes to the foot of Dany's dais and speaks in Ghiscari; Missandei translates to Common Tongue) He is a goatherd. He says he prayed for your victory against the slave masters.
Daenerys Targaryen: I thank him for his prayers. (Missandei translates, and the goatherd bows. He then lays his bundle on the steps in front of them and unwraps it to reveal charred goat bones)
Missandei: (translating the goatherd's Ghiscari) It was your dragons, he says. They came this morning for his flock. (the goatherd stands up, still speaking) He hopes he has not offended Your Grace... but now, he has nothing.
Daenerys Targaryen: Tell this man I am sorry for his hardship. (Missandei begins translating) I cannot bring back his goats, but I will see that he is paid their value, three times over.
[Ser Barristan looks at her in surprise. The goatherd, astonished at her generosity, drops to his knees and thanks her repeatedly as he hastily packs up the goat bones. Missandei, Ser Jorah and Dany smile as the goatherd leaves the throne room]
Daenerys Targaryen: Send the next one in. (Hizdahr zo Loraq- a member of the former slaver class- enters with a servant)
Hizdahr's servant: (in Valyrian) The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq begs an audience with the Queen.
Daenerys Targaryen: (rolls her eyes, mutters in Valyrian) The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq can speak to me himself. (the servant backs away, Hizdahr comes to the foot of her dais and bows)
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Queen Daenerys. Tales of your beauty were not exaggerated. (Dany smiles thinly)
Daenerys Targaryen: I thank you.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Mine is one of the oldest and proudest families in Meereen.
Daenerys Targaryen: Then, it is my honor to receive you.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: My father, one of Meereen's most respected and beloved citizens, oversaw the restoration of it's greatest landmarks- this pyramid included.
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles) For that, he has my gratitude! I should be honored to meet him-
Hizdahr zo Loraq: (coldly) You have, Your Grace. You crucified him. (Dany's smile vanishes) I pray you will never live to see a member of your family treated so cruelly.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sharply) Your father crucified innocent children!
Hizdahr zo Loraq: My father spoke out against crucifying those children. He decried it as a criminal act, but was overruled. Is it justice to answer one crime with another?
Daenerys Targaryen: (ashamed, but still angry) I am sorry you no longer have a father, but my treatment of the Masters was no crime- you'd be wise to remember that.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: What's done is done. (gestures to her and to himself) You are the Queen, and I am a servant of Meereen- a servant who does not wish to see its' traditions eradicated.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what traditions do you speak of?
Hizdahr zo Loraq: The tradition of funeral right. Proper burial in the temple of the Graces. (Dany frowns at him) My father and 162 noble Meereenese are still nailed to those posts- carrion for vultures! Rotting in the sun! (pause, kneels) Your Grace, I ask that you order these men taken down, so that they might receive proper burials.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what of the slave children these noble Meereenese crucified? They were rotting in the sun as well. Would you beg me for their right to a proper burial?
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Your Grace, I cannot defend the actions of the Masters- I can only speak to you as a son, who loved his father. Let me take his body down! Let me have him brought to the temple and buried with dignity, so that he might find peace in the next world! (Dany stares down at him, conflicted)
Daenerys Targaryen: Bury your father, Hizdahr zo Loraq.
Hizdahr zo Loraq:...Thank you, my Queen. (stands up, bows and walks out, followed by his servant)
Daenerys Targaryen: (to Missandei)...How many more?
Missandei: There are two hundred and twelve supplicants waiting, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen:...Two hundred and twelve? (glances at Jorah, who shrugs) Send the next one in.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Oberyn Martell: These meetings aren't always going to be this early, are they? I was up late last night. [sarcastic] So, does this mean I am a master of something now? Coins, ships?
Mace Tyrell: Lord Tywin and I already determined that I shall be the Master of Ships long before you-
[Tywin enters and everybody but Oberyn stands up]
Mace Tyrell: Lord Tywin, it's a great honor to have been granted a seat on this council. I-
Tywin Lannister: The trial begins this afternoon. We only have the morning for affairs of state. Shall we begin?
Varys: Sandor Clegane has been spotted in the Riverlands, my lord.
Cersei Lannister: A coward and a traitor.
Varys: My birds tell me the Hound slaughtered five of our soldiers. I believe the phrase "fuck the king" was uttered.
Pycelle: Disgraceful.
Tywin Lannister: What would it take to make the common soldier stupid enough to try his luck with the Hound?
Varys: 10 Silver stags seems a generous bounty.
Tywin Lannister: Make it 100. What else?
Varys: More whispers from the east, my lord.
Tywin Lannister: The Targaryen girl?
Varys: Daenerys has taken up residence in Meereen. She has conquered the city and rules as its queen.
Cersei Lannister: Conquered with what?
Varys: She commands an army of Unsullied, my queen. Some 8,000 strong. She has a company of sellswords, the Second Sons. She has two knights advising her. Jorah Mormont and Barristan Selmy. And, she has three dragons.
Cersei Lannister: Baby dragons.
Varys: Larger every year, Your Grace.
Pycelle: Mormont is spying on her for us.
Varys: No longer. He appears to be fully devoted to her. As for Ser Barristan, it would seem he took his dismissal from the Kingsguard a bit harder than anticipated. (gives Cersei a reproachful look)
Cersei Lannister: (scornfully) He's an old man. He wasn't fit to protect my son.
Tywin Lannister: (impatient) Joffrey didn't die on his watch. Dismissing him was as insulting as it was stupid.
Cersei Lannister: (defensively) Don't tell me you're worried about a child, halfway across the world.
Varys: (sarcastically) A child with two seasoned warriors counseling her... and a powerful army at her back, Your Grace.
Oberyn Martell: Lord Varys is right. I have been to Essos and seen the Unsullied firsthand. They are very impressive on the battlefield. Less so in the bedroom.
Tywin Lannister: Dragons haven't won a war in 300 years. Armies win them all the time. She must be dealt with.
Pycelle: How, my lord? By force?
Tywin Lannister: Eventually, if it comes to that. (To Varys) Can your little birds find their way into Mereen?
Varys: Most certainly, my Lord Hand.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jaime Lannister: You'd condemn your own son to death?
Tywin Lannister: I've condemned no-one. The trial is not over.
Jaime Lannister: This isn't a trial, it's a farce! Cersei has manipulated everything and you know it!
Tywin Lannister: I know nothing of the sort.
Jaime Lannister: [angry] You've always hated Tyrion!
Tywin Lannister: He killed his king-
Jaime Lannister: As did I! Do you know the last order the Mad King gave me? To bring him your head! I saved your life so you could murder my brother?!
Tywin Lannister: It won't be murder, it will be justice.
Jaime Lannister: Justice?!
Tywin Lannister: I'm performing my sworn duty as Hand of the King. If Tyrion is found guilty, he will be punished accordingly.
Jaime Lannister: He'll be executed.
Tywin Lannister: No, he'll be punished accordingly!
Jaime Lannister: Once, you said family is what lives on. All that lives on. You told me about a dynasty that would last 1000 years. What happens to your dynasty when Tyrion dies? [gestures to his armour] I'm a Kingsguard, forbidden by oath to carry on the family line.
Tywin Lannister: [dismissive] I'm well aware of your oath.
Jaime Lannister: What happens to your name? Who carries the lion banner into future battles? Your nephews? Lancel Lannister?! Others whose names I don't even remember?!
Tywin Lannister: What happens to my dynasty if I spare the life of my grandson's killer?!
Jaime Lannister: It survives...through me. [Tywin looks shocked] I'll leave the Kingsguard, I'll take my place as your son and heir if you let Tyrion live.
Tywin Lannister: Done. [Jaime is stunned] When the testimony is concluded and the guilty verdict rendered, Tyrion will be given the chance to speak. He'll plead for mercy, I'll allow him to join the Night's Watch. In three days times, he'll depart for Castle Black and live out his days at the Wall. You'll remove your white cloak immediately. You will leave King's Landing to assume your rightful place at Casterly Rock. You will marry a suitable woman, and father children named "Lannister". And you'll never turn your back on your family again.
Jaime Lannister: You have my word.
Tywin Lannister: And you have mine.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Immediately after, Jaime approaches Tyrion during a recess in the trial]
Tyrion Lannister: Not going well, is it?!
Jaime Lannister: You're going to be found guilty-
Tyrion Lannister: [sarcastically] Oh, you think so?!
Jaime Lannister: And when you are, you need to enter a formal plea for mercy and ask to be sent to the Wall. Father's agreed to it. He'll spare your life and allow you join the Night's Watch.
Tyrion Lannister: Ned Stark was promised the same thing, and we both know how that turned out!
Jaime Lannister: Father's not Joffrey! He'll keep his word-
Tyrion Lannister: [Disbelieving] How do you know?
Jaime Lannister: Do you trust me? [Tyrion nods] Keep your mouth shut, no more outbursts. This will all be over soon.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tyrion: [after Shae testifies against him] Father... I wish to confess. I wish to confess.
Tywin: You wish to confess?
Tyrion: [to the audience of the trial] I saved you. I saved this city [angrily] and all your worthless lives! I should have let Stannis kill you all!
[the crowd groans with disgust]
Tywin: Tyrion! [Tyrion looks at him] Do you wish to confess?
Tyrion: Yes... Father. I'm guilty. Guilty! Is that what you want to hear?!
Tywin: You admit you've poisoned the King?
Tyrion: No. Of that, I'm innocent. I'm guilty of a far more monstrous crime! I'm guilty of being a dwarf!
Tywin: [scoffs] You are not on trial for being a dwarf.
Tyrion: [angrily] Oh, yes I am! I've been on trial for that my entire life!
Tywin: [impatiently] Have you nothing to say on your defense?
Tyrion: Nothing but this: [with a grin; to Jaime] I did not do it. [with great fury; to Cersei] I did not kill Joffrey, but I WISH THAT I HAD! Watching your vicious bastard die give me more relief than a thousand lying whores! [Tyrion gives Shae a venomous look, then turns to the crowd] I wish I was the monster you think I am! I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you! I would gladly give my life to WATCH YOU ALL SWALLOW IT!
[The entire crowd roars with outrage]
Tywin: [angrily stands] Ser Meryn! Ser Meryn, escort the prisoner back to his cell!
Tyrion: [stares irately at his father] I will NOT give my life for Joffrey's murder, and I know I'll get no justice here, so I will let the gods decide my fate! I demand a trial by combat.
[The crowd, once again, roars with outrage, as Margaery, Shae, Jaime and Cersei stare at Tyrion with disbelief; Oberyn leans forward, looking intrigued. Tyrion smiles bitterly at his father, who glares furiously back at him]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sandor Clegane: (inspecting a burned-out farmhouse with Arya) Could be food.
Arya Stark: Could be soldiers. (they explore the area and come upon a mortally wounded farmer; seeing no one else, they put away their swords) You shouldn't be sitting out here like this.
Farmer:...Where else to sit? Tried to walk back to me hut- hurt too much. Then, I remembered they burnt me hut down.
Sandor Clegane: Who were "they"?
Farmer: I stopped asking a while ago (Sandor kneels next to him, inspects his wound)
Sandor Clegane:...That's not going to get better.
Farmer:...Doesn't seem so
Sandor Clegane: Bad way to go. Haven't you had enough?
Farmer: Of what? (sees the look Sandor gives him and laughs weakly) I know- time to go. Take matters into me own hands. (Arya also kneels) The thought has occurred to me.
Arya Stark: So why go on? (Sandor looks at her)
Farmer:...Habit. (smiles weakly)
Arya Stark: Nothing could be worse than this.
Farmer:...Maybe nothing IS worse... than this.
Arya Stark: Nothing isn't better... or worse than anything.(pause) Nothing is just nothing. (The farmer looks up at her)
Farmer:...Who are you?
Arya Stark:...My name's Arya- Arya Stark.
Farmer: (looks up at Sandor) You her father? (Sandor shakes his head)
Sandor Clegane: Her captor. Bringing her to her aunt, for ransom.
Farmer: (nods) A fair exchange, that is. I always held to the notion of fair exchange, in all my dealings. You give me- I give you- fair. A balance. (pause) No balance, anymore. Can I have a drink? Dying is thirsty work. (Sandor holds his flask to his lips and he drinks) Wish it were wine.
Sandor Clegane: So do I (he stabs the farmer in the heart with a hunting knife; the farmer gasps, then looks up at him and smiles slightly as he dies. Sandor cleans the knife on the man's sleeve, turns to Arya) That's where the heart is. (stands up) That's how you kill a man-
[Suddenly, a ragged man jumps on Sandor from behind and bites him on the neck. Arya springs up; roaring with pain, the Hound yanks his attacker off and breaks his neck. They turn to see another ragged man, Rorge, holding a sword, uncertain whether he should attack]
Sandor Clegane: (angrily, his hands clasped to the bite wound on his neck) The FUCk you doing?!
Rorge: There's a price on your head-
Sandor Clegane: Yes, that's what the King does when you tell him to fuck off.
Rorge: The King's dead. He drank poisoned wine at his own wedding. (Arya and Sandor, surprised, look at each other) The bounty on you is for killing Lannister soldiers- a hundred silver stags-
Sandor Clegane: (contemptuously) And you thought you were going to collect it? Didn't think very hard, did you?
Arya Stark: (recognizing Rorge from Harrenhall) ...You were Yoren's prisoners, when he was taking me to the Wall. (moves towards him angrily, talking to Sandor) He told me he'd fuck me bloody with a stick. (Rorge stares at her uncertainly)
Sandor Clegane: (to Rorge) This day's really not working out the way you planned. (to Arya) He on your little list?
Arya: He can't be- I don't know his name.
Sandor Clegane: What's your name?
Rorge: Rorge.
Arya Stark: Thank you. (draws Needle and stabs Rorge through the heart)
Sandor Clegane: You're learning.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Bronn enters Tyrion's cell, dressed in noble finery]
Bronn: My lord. [makes a mocking bow]
Tyrion Lannister: [suspicious] You have new clothes.
Bronn: You like them, eh? Gloves are doeskin, softer than a virgin's thighs.
Tyrion Lannister: I sent for you days ago.
Bronn: I've been a bit busy.
Tyrion Lannister: Doing what?!
Bronn: My lonesome bachelor days are over. I'm to wed Lollys Stokeworth.
Tyrion Lannister: [astounded] Lollys Stokeworth?! She doesn't strike me as your sort of girl.
Bronn: I wouldn't say I had a single sort of girl.
Tyrion Lannister: She's dim-witted!
Bronn: If I wanted wits, I'd marry you.
Tyrion Lannister: When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister?
Bronn: Falyse. Aye, I did know about the older sister.
Tyrion Lannister: And you do understand the rules of inheritance?
Bronn: Falyse is forty and barren.
Tyrion Lannister: She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies.
Bronn: [nods] She does...unless she happens to perish before her father, then Lollys gets the castle. [sees Tyrion's incredulous expression] What?! Ladies fall from their horse and snap their pretty necks all the time.
Tyrion Lannister: You and my sister deserve each other. Why did you bother to come here?
Bronn: You once said if anyone ever asked me to sell you out, you'd double their price.
Tyrion Lannister: Is it two wives you want or two castles?!
Bronn: One of each would do... but if you want me to kill the Mountain for you, it'd better be a damn big castle.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm a bit short on castles at the moment, but I can offer you gold and gratitude.
Bronn: I have gold. What can I buy with gratitude?
Tyrion Lannister: You might be surprised. A Lannister always pays his debts.
Bronn: Your sister's a Lannister too.
Tyrion Lannister: My wife is heir to Winterfell. If I emerge from this with my head still on my shoulders, I may one day rule the North in her name. I could carve you out a big piece of it.
Bronn: If and may and could. It's bloody cold up north. Lollys is soft and warm and close. If I gave you the choice between fucking Lollys and fighting the Mountain, you'd have your britches down and your cock up before I could blink!
Tyrion Lannister: Does he frighten you so much?!
Bronn: I'd be a bloody fool if he didn't frighten me. He's freakish big and freakish strong, and quicker than you'd expect for a man of that size. Maybe I could take him, dance around until he's so tired from hacking at me he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow...but one misstep and I'm dead. Why should I risk it?
Tyrion Lannister: Because you're my friend.
Bronn: Aye, I'm your friend...and when have you ever risked your life for me? [Tyrion looks stunned and then despondent] I like you, pampered little shit that you are. I just...like myself more.
Tyrion Lannister: I understand.
Bronn: I'm sorry it has to be this way.
Tyrion Lannister: Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? That's what I liked about you in the first place. [they shake hands for the last time]
Bronn: We had some good days together.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, we did. [Bronn goes to leave, but stops at the door]
Bronn: What will you do?
Tyrion Lannister: I suppose I'll have to kill the Mountain myself. Won't that make for a great song?
Bronn: [sincerely] I hope to hear them sing it one day.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jorah Mormont: Daario Naharis killed his captains and dumped their heads at your feet when he grew tired of their commands. How could you ever have faith in a man like that?
Daenerys Targaryen: I could never have faith in a man like Daario. That's why I've sent him and the Second Sons to retake Yunkai.
Jorah Mormont: You have?
Daenerys Targaryen: I have.
Jorah Mormont: Without you there to rule, Khaleesi, I fear the masters will simply bide their time, wait for the invaders to leave and reassert control.
Daenerys Targaryen: That is why I've ordered Daario to execute every master in Yunkai. The masters tear babies from their mothers' arms. They mutilate little boys by the thousands. They train little girls in the art of pleasuring old men.
Jorah Mormont: They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself. Herding the masters into pens and slaughtering them by the thousands is also treating men like beasts. The slaves you freed, brutality is all they've ever known. If you want them to know something else, you'll have to show it to them.
Daenerys Targaryen: And repay the slavers with what? Kindness? A fine? A stern warning?
Jorah Mormont: It's tempting to see your enemies as evil, all of them, but there's good and evil on both sides in every war ever fought.
Daenerys Targaryen: Let the priests argue over good and evil. Slavery is real. I can end it. I will end it. And I will end those behind it.
Jorah Mormont: I sold men into slavery, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: And now you are helping me show them to freedom.
Jorah Mormont: I wouldn't be here to help you if Ned Stark had done to me what you want to do to the masters of Yunkai.
Daenerys Targaryen: ...The man who came to me the other day about burying his father.
Jorah Mormont: Hizdahr zo Loraq?
Daenerys Targaryen: He will accompany the Second Sons and serve as my ambassador to Yunkai. He will tell the masters what has happened in Meereen. He will explain the choice they have before them. They can live in my new world or they can die in their old one. Well, go and catch Daario before he leaves. Tell him I changed my mind.
Jorah Mormont: Yes, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: No. Tell him you changed my mind.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tyrion Lannister: (Oberyn enters the cell, lighting it with a torch) I imagined you'd be back at the brothel at this hour.
Oberyn Martell: I did spend some time with an absolutely stunning blonde the other day. (puts the torch in a bracket)
Tyrion Lannister: Mm, do tell. I've got every kind of filth down here except the kind I like.
Oberyn Martell: Your sister, actually.
Tyrion Lannister: (rolls his eyes) ...Oh.
Oberyn Martell: (pulls up a bench, sits across from Tyrion) Cersei approached me. We spoke a great deal about her daughter. How worried your sister is about her. She was trying very hard to pretend she had not come to sway me against you- I think she may have even believed it herself.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles grimly) Making honest feelings do dishonest work is one of her many gifts.
Oberyn Martell: It was difficult for her to hide her true intentions. (raises his eyebrows) It is rare... to meet a Lannister who shares my enthusiasm for dead Lannisters. She desperately wants to see you killed.
Tyrion Lannister: (shrugs) She didn't need to bother you. It looks as though I've taken care of that myself. The joy she will feel when my head leaves my neck... she's wanted this for a long time.
Oberyn Martell: Yes, I know. (Tyrion frowns in confusion) We met, you and I. Many years ago.
Tyrion Lannister: ...I think I would have remembered that.
Oberyn Martell: Unlikely- you had just been born. Our father brought me and my sister Elia with him, on a visit to Casterly Rock; my first time away from Dorne. I didn't like anything about the Rock. Not the food, not the weather, not your accents. Nothing. But the biggest disappointment... you.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles) You and my family have more in common than you might admit.
Oberyn Martell:The whole way from Dorne, all anyone talked about was the monster that had been born to Tywin Lannister. A head twice the size of his body, a tail between his legs, claws, one red eye, the privates of both a girl and a boy-
Tyrion Lannister: That would have made things so much easier.
Oberyn Martell: When we met your sister, she promised she would show you to us. Every day, we would ask; every day, she would say, "Soon." Then, she and your brother took us to your nursery and... she unveiled the freak. (pause) Your head was a bit large, your arms and legs were a bit small, but no claw. No red eye. No tail between your legs, just a tiny pink cock. We didn't try to hide our disappointment. "That's not a monster," I told Cersei. "That's just a baby." And she said, "He killed my mother." And she pinched your little cock so hard, I thought she might pull it off. Until your brother made her stop. "It doesn't matter," she told us. "Everyone says he will die soon. I hope they are right. He should not have lived this long."
Tyrion Lannister: (holding back tears of resentment and loneliness) Well... sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants.
Oberyn Martell: And what about what I want? Justice... for my sister, and for her children.
Tyrion Lannister: (chuckles bitterly) If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place.
Oberyn Martell: I disagree. I've come to the perfect place. I want to bring those who have wronged me to justice. And, all those who have wronged me are right here. (stands up) I will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane, who killed my sister's children and then raped her with their blood still on his hands before killing her, too. (turns, pulls a torch from the wall bracket, then turns back to face Tyrion) I will be your champion. (Tyrion begins shaking with relief, that someone will finally stand for him)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sansa Stark: You wanted to see me, Aunt Lysa?
Lysa Arryn:Come here, Sansa. Do you know how far the fall is?
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: Neither do I, precisely. Hundreds of feet. It's fascinating what happens to bodies when they hit the rocks from such a height. The impact breaks them right apart. Like eggs dropped on the floor. Sometimes pieces remain intact. You'll find the head sitting on its own. Every hair in place. Blue eyes staring at nothing. I know what you did.
Sansa Stark: I'm so sorry, Aunt Lysa. I never should have hit Robin, I know it. I promise it won't happen-
Lysa Arryn: Don't be coy with me, you little whore. You kissed him. You kissed Petyr.
Sansa Stark: I didn't. You don't understand.
Lysa Arryn: I saw you. You can't lie to me because I saw it with my own eyes.
Sansa Stark: He kissed me. I pulled away.
Lysa Arryn: Liar! [grabs Sansa by her hair and hold her over de Moon Door] Whore! He is mine! My father, my husband, my sister, they all stood between us and now they're all dead. That's what happens to people who stand between Petyr and me. Look down! Look down! Look down! Look down!
Petyr Baelish: Lysa! Let her go.
Lysa Arryn:You want her? This empty-headed child?
Petyr Baelish: Let her go.
Lysa Arryn: She's just like her mother. She'll never love you. I lied for you. I killed for you. Why did you bring her here? Why?
Petyr Baelish: I'll send her away. I swear on my life. I swear to all the gods. Let her go, Lysa.
[Lysa releases Sansa. Baelish walks over to her and helps a crying Lysa to her feet]
Petyr Baelish: Oh, my sweet wife. My sweet, silly wife. I have only loved one woman... only one, my entire life. [Lysa smiles] Your sister.
[Lysa only has a second to process this before Baelish shoves her out of the Moon Door; she plummets to her death, screaming]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Open to the dark, seedy town of Moles Town. Two men walk toward a brothel with smiles on their faces]

MAN 1: Here we are.

[Inside everyone is happy, drinking, enjoying themselves. One woman is burping a tune]

MAN 2: The Rains of Castamere!

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: You fucking dick! Same wrong guess every fucking time. Listen, ya cunt.

[Everyone laughs and goes \A1\B0ooooo\A1\B1. She burps the same tune]

MAN 3: Oh, The Bear and the Maiden Fair!

[Everyone cheers]

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: There's a man with an ear. Too bad you've got a hangnail for a cock. First time I saw you with your britches down, I thought you were a eunuch! You seen it girls. Like a baby snail peekin' out of his shell. *laughs and walks toward Gilly* *to Gilly* Your baby was crying this morning. It waked me up. You hear me?

GILLY: Yes.

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: Well, what are you going to say?

GILLY: I'm sorry it woke you up.

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: I don't care if you're sorry. Keep that baby quiet, or I will.


GILLY: Don't you ever touch him.

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: Hehehe, little Wildling bitch. You should've stayed with your own kind. *an owl hoots in the distance* Are you listening to me?

GILLY: Shut your mouth.

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: What? It's just an owl you dumb bitch.

GILLY: No it's not.

[The owl hoots again. A man walks toward a well and in the reflection it's seen that Styr sliced the mans throat. Tormund is also seen as the Wildlings walk through the town killing everyone. Ygritte is also there. Styr and the Wildlings break into the brothel, continuing their killing spree. Ygritte kills everyone upstairs, as she's leaving she hears Gilly's baby cry. Ygritte opens a drape in the back and motions them to keep quiet]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK

SAM: I should never have left her there.

JON: You couldn't have known.

SAM: Of course I could've known. They were raiding the villages close by.

GRENN: And we just cower in here while they slaughter our brothers?

ED: Our brothers had orders to stay at Castle Black.

GRENN: Oh, so it's alright then?! Black Jack and Kegs and Mully chopped to pieces 'cause they broke the rules?!

ED: I didn't say it was alright! I'm sayin' they shouldn't have been there.

GRENN: We pledged to guard the realms of men.

SAM: She's dead because of me.

GRENN: We can't even guard Mole's Town.

JON: We can't go after them, you know that. That's what they want.

SAM: Little Same. As if I'd cut their throats myself.

PYP: Maybe she managed to hide herself. I thought one of you was dead, you were not North and no one came back. Not for ages. But then you did.

ED: She survived Craster and he was the worst shit I've ever met. She survived the long march to the wall. She survived a white walker for fuck's sake. She might've got out.

SAM: She might have.

JON: If they hit Mole's Town, then we're next. Mance's army must be close.

ED: A hundred thousand.

GRENN: And there's what, 5 of us left.

ED: If you're counting Black Jack, Kegs, and Mully. A hundred and two.

PYP: How do a hundred and two men stop a thousand?

ED: Whoever dies last, be a good lad and burn the rest of us. Once I'm done with this world, I don't want to come back.

[Everyone takes a drink]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN

[Men and women are seen swimming in a lake. They're bathing and washing clothes. Grey Worm looks over at Missandei who is naked. Missandei sees him looking, he looks away ashamed then looks back. She stands up proudly, then covers up. He dunks his head under water]

DANY: You think he was spying on you?

MISSANDEI: No, not spying.

DANY: The Dothraki think outsiders are ridiculous taking shame in the naked body. They make love under the stars for the whole Khalasar to see.

MISSANDEI: Yes your grace.

DANY: But you are not Dothraki.

MISSANDEI: No.

DANY: Well, I don't see why it matters. Grey worm isn't interested, none of the unsullied care what's under our clothes.

MISSANDEI: He was interested.

DANY: What?

MISSANDEI: I believe he was interested.

DANY: When the slavers castrate the boys, do they take all of it?

MISSANDEI: All of it?

DANY: The...the pillar an the stones.

MISSANDEI: I don't know, your grace.

DANY: Haven't you ever wondered?

MISSANDEI: Yes, your grace.

[Missandei is seen walking up toward Dany's throne. Grey Worm enters]

GREY WORM: Missandei. *in Valyrian* I have come to apologize.

MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* You don't need to apologize.

GREY WORM: *in Valyrian* I hope I didn't frighten you.

MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* No.

GREY WORM: The lessons you give I [?] on. These are precious to I.

MISSANDEI: To me.

GREY WORM: To me.

MISSANDEI: I don't remember teaching you the word precious.

GREY WORM: Jorah the Andal, he teaches I...he teaches me this word.

MISSANDEI: Do you remember the name you were given at birth?

GREY WORM: I remember nothing. Only unsullied.

MISSANDEI: When they cut you, do you remember that?

[Grey Worm shakes his head no]

MISSANDEI: I'm sorry. I'm sorry they did that to you.

GREY WORM: Why? Why sorry?

MISSANDEI: It's a terrible thing to do to a boy.

GREY WORM: *approaches Missandei* If the masters never cut me, I am never unsullied. I never stand in the Plaza of Pride when Daenerys Stormborn orders us to kill the masters. I never am chosen to lead the unsullied. I never meet Missandei from the Island of Naath. I am sorry I...for today. I am sorry.

[Grey Worm turns around and begins to walk away]

MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* Grey Worm.

[Grey Worm stops and turns around]

MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* I'm glad you saw me.

GREY WORM: *in Valyrian* So am I.

[Grey Worm turns and walks out of the throne room]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MOAT CAILIN

RAMSAY: Bracken. Mmm, strong. As long as they're in the see. But when you take them out of the water, no bones. They collapse under their proud weight and slum into a heap of nothing. You'd think they'd know that. Unfortunately they're not very bright. What do you tell them?

THEON: I'm Theon Greyjoy, son of Balon, heir to the Iron Islands.

RAMSAY: And what are you really?

THEON: I'm Reek.

RAMSAY: Are you sure? You do look very much like a lord. Formidable, proud.

THEON: I'm Reek.

RAMSAY: Until when?

THEON: Always. Forever.

RAMSAY: That's right. Until you're rotting in the ground. Remember what you are and what you're not. Bring me Lord Kenning.

[Theon approaches the castle on horseback]

GUARD 1: *to Theon* No closer. Who are you?

[Theon enters the castle walls. Inside a lot of people are sick or dying]

RALF: I'm Kenning, commander of this garrison. And you say you're Theon Greyjoy?

THEON: Yes.

RALF: And why should I believe that?

THEON: I was born on Pike to Balon Greyjoy. His third and last-living son. I am your prince. I swear it by the drowned god. What is dead may never die.

EVERYONE: What is dead may never die.

RALF: And if you were my prince, why are you marching with a Bolton army?

THEON: Lord Bolton took me captive after Winterfell. He sent me to treat with you in good faith as your fellow Ironborn.

RALF: And what does Lord Bolton want?

[Theon hands Kenning a scroll]

THEON: You are fading from sickness. You are badly outnumbered and you're hundreds of miles from the sea. Lord Bolton implores you to protect your men and abandon this fortress you can no longer hold. Do this and he will be just and fair with you as he is being with me. The Boltons will give you safe passage to the stony shore.

RALF: He wants us to surrender?

THEON: My own father, your king, surrendered years ago to Robert Baratheon. I watched him bend the knee. There was no shame there. He fought with honor, as did you.

[Kenning falls to the ground. His men pick him up]

RALF: ...shame fought with honor.

THEON: I'm sorry, I didn't hear...

[Kenning spits blood in Theon's face]

RALF: No shame fought with honor. Only a whipped dog would speak this way. Or a woman. Are you a woman boy?

THEON: *scared* You don't know.

RALF: The Ironborn will not surrender.

THEON: *whispering* Reek. Reek.

RALF: You go tell your master that, Theon Greyjoy. Or whoever the fuck you are. What in the hell are you muttering?

[MAN 4 kills Kenning with an axe]

THEON: Reek.

MAN 4: If we yield, we live? Is that what it says on this paper here?

THEON: Yes. Have your men raise the white flag and open the gates. You're going home.

[Cut to MAN 4's body with no skin and his eye cut out]

RAMSAY: You didn't really think I'd let them go did you? It's falling out of fashion. Fileting. Sad, but true. Traditions are important. Where are we without our history, eh?

THEON: Yes m'lord. Will we go home now?

RAMSAY: I believe we will. To our new home.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE VALE

You have foreign blood, don't you, Baelish?

PETYR: A great-grandfather from Braavos, yes. I suppose all of our ancestors came from somewhere else originally.

LORD ROYCE: Our forebearers settled the Vale thousands of years ago. We've fought off invaders ever since.

PETYR: The beauty of the Vale is matched only by the nobility of its great families. Lady Arryn often told me that you were her rock, Lord Royce.

LORD ROYCE: She told me nothing about you, Baelish. But I didn't need to hear from her. Moneylender. Whoremonger. You've been licking Tywin Lannister's boots so long, it's a wonder your tongue's not black.

PETYR: My lord...

LORD ROYCE: And when Jon Arryn named you Master of Coin, no one cared. Always been a grubby job. Why not let a grubby man do it? But when I heard you were lurking here, fawning over the Lady Arryn...

PETYR: Lady Arryn invited me. She and I have been close since childhood.

LADY ANYA: Yes, we all know how close you were. Lady Arryn's predilections were her own affair. Her death is our affair.

PETYR: Of course. Her suicide shattered us all.

LADY ANYA: She was an odd fish. Everyone knew that. But suicide? She adored that boy of hers. I don't see her abandoning him. Not by choice.

LORD ROYCE: Strange that within days of your arrival, you've married Lady Arryn and she's fallen through the Moon Door.

PETYR: She was always prone to melancholy. My lady wasn't meant for a world as brutal as ours.

LORD ROYCE: We were told there was a witness. A girl.

LADY ANYA: A niece of yours, I believe.

PETYR: A girl with no learning and scattered wits. I assure you, she would be of no help.

LORD ROYCE: We'd like to speak with her.

PETYR: Let me fetch her.

LADY ANYA: No need. We prefer to hear her testimony unadulterated.

[Sansa Stark enters the room]

LADY ANYA: Come closer, child. You have nothing to fear from us or him. Lord Baelish here is your uncle? Your name is Alayne? Perhaps you would feel more comfortable if Lord Baelish left the room.

PETYR: My lady...

LADY ANYA: I wasn't asking you.

SANSA: He can stay.

LORD ROYCE: Speak up, girl, you're not a damn kitchen mouse. Tell us what you saw.

SANSA: *to Petyr* I'm sorry, Lord Baelish. I have to tell the truth. *to the council* I'll tell you everything.

LADY ANYA: Please, Alayne, leave nothing out.

SANSA: My name is not Alayne. It's Sansa Stark, eldest daughter of Lord Eddard Stark. Lord Royce, we met when you came to Winterfell. You were escorting your son Ser Waymar to the Wall.

LORD ROYCE: Sansa Stark? You tell lies right to my face, you little worm?

SANSA: Lord Baelish has told many lies. All to protect me. Since my father was executed, I have been a hostage in King's Landing. A plaything for Joffrey to torture or Queen Cersei to torment. They beat me, they humiliated me, they married me to the Imp. I had no friends in King's Landing...except one. He saved me. Smuggled me away when he had the chance. He knew I'd be safe here in the Eyrie with my own blood, my Aunt Lysa. The Lannisters have friends everywhere. Even the Vale. He made me swear not to tell anyone my true name.

SER VANCE: Your secret is safe with us, my lady.

LORD ROYCE: Your father grew up right here in these halls. We hunted together many times. He was a fine man.

LADY ANYA: Tell us what happened to your aunt, Sansa.

SANSA: You knew her well, my lords, my lady. You knew she was a troubled woman. She always loved Lord Baelish. She told me herself. From the moment he arrived at the gates of Riverrun, a boy of eight carrying everything he owned in a little sack. She confessed to me she never loved Lord Arryn. She did as her father commanded, as so many of us have. When the gods finally allowed her to be with Lord Baelish, she was so happy. For a time. My aunt was a jealous lady. She was terrified that Lord Baelish didn't love her anymore. That he would abandon her for a younger woman. And then...one day she saw him kiss me.

LORD ROYCE: Lady Sansa.

SANSA: It was a peck on the cheek, Lord Royce, nothing more. Lord Baelish is my uncle now, in truth, by marriage. He's always been so kind to me. I was so happy to be here, to be free. All because of him. But my aunt turned on me. She cursed me. Called me a whore. Promised to throw me through the Moon Door. When Lord Baelish tried to calm her, she struck him. She said she didn't want to live anymore. She stood on the edge of that Moon Door. He tried to reason with her. Promised her she was the only one he had ever loved, but she stepped through those doors and she was...*begins sobbing*

LADY ANYA: Shh. Shh, it's not your fault, sweet girl. It's not your fault.

[Sansa looks up at Petyr]

[Lord Royce, Lady Anya, and Petyr walk down the stairs]

LORD ROYCE: You could see it in the way she raised that boy. Feeding him from her own teats when he was 10 years old.

LADY ANYA: Lord Royce! This is hardly the time.

LORD ROYCE: Apologies, my lady. And to you as well, Baelish. We treated you a bit harshly.

PETYR: You want justice, Lord Royce. I can hardly complain about that. I want the same.

LADY ANYA: Not much justice to be meted out in suicide, is there?

PETYR: For Lysa, no. But for her son? Only 20 years ago, the knights of the Vale rode behind Jon Arryn, Ned Stark, Robert Baratheon. They fought together to overcome the Mad King. And since then, Arryn and Royce, Corbray, Waynwood, all the great houses of the Vale watched from the corner. A timid boy at a tavern brawl.

LORD ROYCE: Are you questioning our courage?

PETYR: I want to know which side you're on. Do you support the Lannisters, the house that executed your friend Ned Stark?

LORD ROYCE: Of course we don't support the damn Lannisters.

PETYR: No? Catelyn Stark begged her sister for support and Lysa refused. By staying out of the fray, you've allowed Tywin Lannister to destroy his rivals on every compass point. Who stands against him now?

LADY ANYA: Who would you have us back, Lord Baelish? Robb Stark is dead.

PETYR: I'd have you back Robin Arryn, Lord of the Vale.

LADY ANYA: Robin Arryn is a sickly little boy.

PETYR: And sickly little boys sometimes become powerful men.

LADY ANYA: More often they die young.

PETYR: I adored Lysa with all my heart. But she loved her son so much, she became overprotective. He needs to learn how to swing a sword. How to ride a horse.

LORD ROYCE: Aye, it's time.

PETYR: Yes, it's time. Time for him to tour the Vale, to visit all the castles in his domain. Time for Robin to leave the nest.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN

BOY: Ser Barristan.

SER BARRISTAN: Yes? Who sent you?

[A boy hands a scroll to Ser Barristan. He reads it]

[Ser Jorah is looking at a map by the water alone]

SER JORAH: Ser Barristan.

SER BARRISTAN: Ser Jorah.

SER JORAH: Have I forgotten a council meeting?

SER BARRISTAN: No.

[Ser Barristan hands Ser Jorah the scroll]

SER JORAH: What's this?

SER BARRISTAN: A royal pardon signed by Robert Baratheon. You spied on her.

SER JORAH: Who gave you this?

SER BARRISTAN: Does it matter?

SER JORAH: Have you told her?

SER BARRISTAN: I wanted to tell you first, man-to-man rather than go behind your back.

SER JORAH: Let me speak with her in private.

SER BARRISTAN: You'll never be alone with her again.

[Ser Barristan leaves]

[Ser Jorah enters Dany's throne room, walking toward her]

DANY: Why did the usurper pardon you?

SER JORAH: If we could speak alone.

DANY: No, speak to me here. Explain it to me.

SER JORAH: Who do you think sent this to Meereen? Who profits? This is the work of Tywin Lannister. He wants to divide us. If we're fighting each other, we're not fighting him.

DANY: The pardon was signed the year we met. Why were you pardoned? Unless you're saying this document was forged.

SER JORAH: It is not forged.

DANY: Why, then?

SER JORAH: I sent letters to Varys, the spymaster of King's Landing.

DANY: What was the content of these letters?

SER JORAH: Information.

DANY: What information?

SER JORAH: When you and Viserys arrived in Pentos. His plan to marry you to Khal Drogo. When you were married. When your brother died.

DANY: You told him I was carrying Drogo's child?

SER JORAH: I...

DANY: Yes or no?

SER JORAH: Khaleesi.

DANY: Don't call me that. Did you tell him I was carrying Drogo's child?

SER JORAH: Yes.

DANY: That wine merchant tried to poison me because of your information.

SER JORAH: I stopped you from drinking his wine.

DANY: Because you knew it was poisoned.

SER JORAH: I suspected.

DANY: You betrayed me from the first.

SER JORAH: Forgive me. I never meant...please, Khaleesi, forgive me.

DANY: You sold my secrets to the man who killed my father and stole my brother's throne...

SER JORAH: I have protected you. Fought for you. Killed for you.

DANY: ...and you want me to forgive you?

SER JORAH: I have loved you.

DANY: Love? Love? How can you say that to me? Any other man, and I would have you executed. But you, I do not want you in my city dead or alive. Go back to your masters in King's Landing. Collect your pardon if you can.

SER JORAH: Daenerys, please.

[Ser Jorah goes for Dany's hand]

DANY: Don't ever presume to touch me again or speak my name. You have until dusk to collect your things and leave this city. If you're found in Meereen past break of day, I'll have your head thrown into Slaver's Bay. Go. Now.

[Ser Jorah rides away from Mereen]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MOAT CAILIN

[Ramsay is seen holding a flag out to Lord Bolton]

RAMSAY: Moat Cailin is yours, Father.

LORD BOLTON: Walk with me. Has there been any word from Locke?

RAMSAY: No.

RAMSAY: Unimportant. A cripple, a young boy. None of the northern lords have seen them. Dead most likely. Most of the Ironborn have fled the North. Now more will follow, thanks to you. Tell me what you see.

RAMSAY: Moors, fields, hills.

RAMSAY: Tell me what you see.

RAMSAY: Nothing.

ROOSE: Not nothing. The North. Ride 700 miles that way, you're still in the North. 400 miles that way. 300 miles that way. The North is larger than the other six kingdoms combined. And I am the Warden of the North. The North is mine. Now tell me, what is your name?

RAMSAY: Ramsay Snow.

ROOSE: No, not Ramsay Snow. *hands Ramsay a scroll* Open it. From this day until your last day, you are Ramsay Bolton, son of Roose Bolton, Warden of the North.

RAMSAY: You honor me. I swear I will uphold your name and your tradition. I will be worthy of you, Father, I promise.

[The Bolton army rides forward on horseback]

RAMSAY: Come, Reek, I'll be needing a bath.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE VALE

[Sansa is seen sitting on her bed sewing. Petyr knocks on her door]

SANSA: Yes?

PETYR: First time I saw you, you were just a child. A girl from the North come to the capital for the first time. Not a child any longer. Why did you help me?

SANSA: They would have thrown you through the Moon Door if they found you guilty.

PETYR: That's not an answer.

SANSA: If they'd have executed you, what would they have done with me?

PETYR: I don't know.

SANSA: Neither do I.

PETYR: Better to gamble on the man you know than the strangers you don't? And you think you know me?

SANSA: I know what you want.

PETYR: Do you?

[She looks up at him]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: OUTSIDE THE VALE

[Arya and the Hound approach the Vale]

HOUND: I thought it'd make me happy, but it doesn't. Not really. Nothing makes you happy.

ARYA: Lots of things make me happy.

HOUND: Like what?

ARYA: Killing Polliver, killing Rorge.

HOUND: So you're sad because you didn't get to kill Joffrey yourself. Is that it?

ARYA: At least I could have been there to watch. I wanted to see the look in his eyes when he knew it was over.

HOUND: Aye, nothing in the world beats that look.

ARYA: You protected him for most of his life. You think you could have saved him?

HOUND: I wasn't the damn wine taster. Little shit deserved to die, but poison...poison's a woman's weapon. Men kill with steel.

ARYA: That's your stupid pride talking. It's why you'll never be a great killer. I'd have killed Joffrey with a chicken bone if I had to.

HOUND: *laughs* I'd pay good money to see that. *grunts and rubs his neck*

ARYA: You should have let me burn it.

HOUND: It's a fleabite.

ARYA: That fleabite's got you walking a lot slower than you used to.

HOUND: Well, we won't have to walk too much further.

ARYA: You really think my aunt will pay for me?

HOUND: Aye, she'll pay.

ARYA: I've never even met her.

HOUND: Doesn't matter. You're her blood. Family, honor, all that horseshit. It's all you lords and ladies ever talk about.

ARYA: I'm not a lady.

GUARD: Who would pass the Bloody Gate?

HOUND: The bloody Hound, Sandor Clegane. And his...traveling companion Arya Stark, niece of your lady Lysa Arryn.

GUARD: Then I offer my condolences. Lady Arryn died. Three days ago.

[Arya bursts out laughing]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE VALE

[Petyr is walking down the stairs with Robin]

ROBIN: I've never left home before, Uncle Petyr. I'm afraid to leave.

PETYR: You shouldn't be.

ROBIN: The Lord of the Vale belongs in the Eyrie, Mother said. She said it's not safe outside.

PETYR: It wasn't safe for her inside. People die at their dinner tables. They die in their beds. They die squatting over their chamber pots. Everybody dies sooner or later. Don't worry about your death. Worry about your life. Take charge of your life for as long as it lasts. That is what it means to be Lord of the Vale.

[Sansa enters the scene and walks down the stairs, Petyr looks at her]

SANSA: Shall we go?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING

[In prison, Tyrion drinks wine from Jaime]

TYRION: Wine always helps. I thank you for it. Trial by combat. Deciding a man's guilt or innocence in the eyes of the gods by having two other men hack each other to pieces. Tells you something about the gods. How much longer?

JAIME: Soon.

TYRION: Do you think Oberyn has a chance? The Red Viper of Dorne. You don't get a name like that unless you're deadly, right?

JAIME: I've never seen him fight.

TYRION: Oh, he's going to die. I'm going to die.

JAIME: Oberyn believes in himself.

TYRION: That's putting it mildly. What's the punishment for regicide? Drawing and quartering? Hanging? Breaking at the wheel?

JAIME: Beheading.

TYRION: Seems rather ordinary. And he was my nephew as well, so what is that? Fratricide is brothers. Filicide is sons. Nepoticide. That's the one. Matricide, patricide, infanticide, suicide. There's no kind of killing that doesn't have its own word.

JAIME: Cousins.

TYRION: Cousins, you're right. There is no word for cousin killing. Well done. Do you remember cousin Orson? Orson Lannister?

JAIME: Of course. Wet-nurse dropped him on his head. Left him simple.

TYRION: Simple? Used to sit all day in the garden. Crushing beetles with a rock.

TOGETHER: Khuu! Khuu! Khuu!

TYRION: Nothing made him happier.

JAIME: Nothing made you happier. You'd think being tormented from birth would have given you some affinity for the afflicted.

TYRION: On the contrary. Laughing at another person's misery was the only thing that made me feel like everyone else.

JAIME: The joke wore thin, though.

TYRION: For you. You drifted away.

JAIME: I had other interests.

TYRION: Yes, other interests. But I stayed with Orson.

JAIME: Why?

TYRION: I was curious. Why was he smashing all those beetles? What did he get out of it? First thing I did was ask him. "Orson, why are you smashing all those beetles?" He gave me an answer. "Smash the beetles. Smash 'em. Khuu! Khuu! Khuu!" I wasn't deterred. I was the smartest person I knew. Certainly I had the wherewithal to unravel the mysteries that lay at the heart of a moron. So I went to Maester Volarik's library.

JAIME: Volarik. Tried to touch me once.

Turns out, far too much has been written about great men and not nearly enough about morons. Doesn't seem right. In any case, I found nothing that illuminated the nature of Orson's affliction or the reason behind his relentless beetle slaughter. So I went back to the source. I may not have been able to speak with Orson, but I could observe him, watch him the way men watch animals to come to a deeper understanding of their behavior. *picks up a beetle* And as I watched, I became more and more sure of it. There was something happening there. His face was like the page of a book written in a language I didn't understand. But he wasn't mindless. He had his reasons. And I became possessed with knowing what they were. I began to spend inordinate amounts of time watching him. I would eat my lunch in the garden, chewing my mutton to the music of "khuu, khuu, khuu". And when I wasn't watching him, I was thinking about him. Father droned on about the family legacy and I thought about Orson's beetles. I read the histories of Targaryen conquests. Did I hear dragon wings? No. I heard "khuu, khuu, khuu" and I still couldn't figure out why he was doing it. And I had to know, because it was horrible that all these beetles should be dying for no reason.

JAIME: Every day around the world, men, women, and children are murdered by the score. Who gives a dusty fuck about a bunch of beetles?

TYRION: I know, I know. But still, it filled me with dread. Piles and piles of them, years and years of them. How many countless living crawling things smashed and dried out and returned to the dirt? In my dreams I found myself standing on a beach made of beetle husks stretching as far as the eye could see. I woke up crying, weeping for their shattered little bodies. I tried to stop Orson once.

JAIME: He was twice your size.

TYRION: He just pushed me aside with a "khuu" and kept on smashing. Every day until that mule kicked him in the chest and killed him. *puts the beetle back on the ground* So what do you think? Why did he do it? What was it all about?

JAIME: I don't know.

[Bells begin chiming in the distance. Jaime goes to leave]

JAIME: Good luck today.

[Tyrion walks out toward the arena. The Lannisters are there, Oberyn is there getting ready for the battle. Tyrion passes him in handcuffs]

TYRION: Looks like very light armor.

OBERYN: I like to move around.

TYRION: You could at least wear a helmet. You shouldn't drink before a fight.

OBERYN: You learn this during your years in the fighting pits? I always drink before a fight.

TYRION: It could get you killed. It could get me killed.

OBERYN: Today is not the day I die.

ELLARIA: You're going to fight that?

OBERYN: I'm going to kill that.

ELLARIA: He is the biggest man I've ever seen.

OBERYN: Size does not matter when you are flat on your back.

TYRION: Thank the gods.

PYCELL: In the sight of gods and men, we gather to ascertain the guilt or innocence of this...man Tyrion Lannister. May the Mother grant them mercy. May the Father give them such justice as they deserve. And may the Warrior guide the hand of our champion...

[Tywin speeds the process along in boredom. Horns sound to start the fight. Oberyn kisses Ellaria]

ELLARIA: Don't leave me alone in this world.

OBERYN: Never.

[Oberyn is tossed his weapon. He's very good with it. The crowd cheers]

OBERYN: Have they told you who I am?

MOUNTAIN: Some dead man.

[The Mountain lunges forward as the battle begins]

OBERYN: I am the brother of Elia Martell. Do you know why I have come all the way to this stinking shit-pile of a city? For you.

OBERYN: I'm going to hear you confess before you die. You raped my sister. You murdered her. You killed her children. Say it now and we can make this quick.

OBERYN: Say it. You raped her. You murdered her. You killed her children.

OBERYN: You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children!

[Oberyn stabs the Mountain in the gut]

OBERYN: You raped her! You murdered her!

[Oberyn charges at the Mountain to give him one final blow]

OBERYN: You killed her children!

[Everyone looks down, surprised. Oberyn pulls his weapon out of the Mountain and starts walking around his body]

OBERYN: Wait. Are you dying? No, no, no. You can't die yet. You haven't confessed. Say it. Say her name. Elia Martell. You raped her. You killed her children. Elia Martell. Who gave you the order? Who gave you the order?! Say her name! You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children. Say it. Say her name. Say it!

[The Mountain trips Oberyn and grabs him in his massive hands. He punches out his teeth and gets on top of Oberyn, squeezing his head]

MOUNTAIN: Elia Martell. I killed her children. Then I raped her. Then I smashed her head in like this!

[Ellaria screams in agony. Tyrion looks dead inside]

TYWEN: *standing up* The gods have made their will known. Tyrion Lannister, in the name of King Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, you are hereby sentenced to death.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Opens on Jon Snow and Samwell Tarly standing on the edge of The Wall. It's night]

SAM: What was she like?

JON: She...she had red hair.

SAM: Oh? How big were her feet?

JON: Well what do you want me to say?

SAM: I want you to tell me what it was like to have someone. To be with someone. To love someone and have them love you back. We're all gonna die a lot sooner than I'd planned. You're the closest I'll ever get to know it.

JON: So you and Gilly never-

SAM: No...she just had a baby! ...and she never offered.

JON: But if she had, you would've? You'd have broken your vows?

SAM: The interesting thing is, our vows never specifically forbid intimate relations with women.

JON: What?

SAM: "I shall take no wife" yes, that's in there, there's no denying that. "I shall father no children" it's very specific. But what our vows have to say about other...activities...is open to interpretation.

JON: I don't think Ser Alliser cares much for interpretation.

SAM: Anyway, there's nothing for him to interpret. We didn't. So what's it like?

JON: It's...there's this person, this whole other person. And you're wrapped up in them and they're wrapped up in you and...you...for a little...for a little while you're more than just you, you're...well I don't know, I'm not a bleedin' poet!

SAM: No, you're really not.

JON: And what did I get for it? An arrow six inches from my heart.

SAM: There'll be arrows for all of us soon I imagine.

JON: There will.

SAM: They've already done the worst thing to me they could ever do.

JON: Go get some sleep, Sam. I'll take this watch.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Sam gets in the lift back down off the wall. An owl perches on a post. Cut to the Wildlings where Thenn warg is standing with his eyes white. Ygritte, Tormund, and Styr are sitting in the background]

TORMUND: Did I ever tell you about her? My Sheila?

YGRITTE: Yes.

TORMUND: Oh that was a night to remember. Of course, I'd had a good bit to drink *laughs* the fangs were sharp, but she knew how to use them. And she was nice and soft down below. No, she was no ordinary beast. [?]

YGRITTE: I know you never fucked a bear. You know you never fucked a bear. Right now I don't wanna think about the bear you never fucked. Right now all I want to think about is each one of these arrows finding its way into a Crow's heart.

TORMUND: We could be waiting here a while.

YGRITTE: Good. The longer we wait, the more arrows I'll have. When they came up here, to our land, and put up a big wall and said it was their's. Then they started hunting us down. But this time, we're the one's doing the hunting.

STYR: You've got a lot to say about killing. Even more words than arrows.

YGRITTE: Back in those villages I killed just as many of them as you did. More, I reckon.

STYR: Yes. But none of those were your Crow lover.

YGRITTE: I probably killed him already.

STYR: So you've said.

YGRITTE: And if not. The only thing left of him is gonna be his fun-bits hanging around me neck.

STYR: And more words. Know what I think you do when you see him? Serve him up a nice juicy slice of ginger minge.

[Everyone laughs. Ygritte gets up and rushes towards Styr]

YGRITTE: What, you been thinkin' about that ginger minge? Wondering what it tastes like?

STYR: Maybe I have.

YGRITTE: Jon Snow is mine. *shouting* Anyone else tries to kill him, I'll have an arrow for them. *to Styr* And not one of your bald friends is fast enough to stop me.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Gilly walks along the top of the hill with her baby, looking down at the Wildling camp. She walks away quickly. Cut to Sam in the library reading]

AEMON: And what is it that couldn't wait until morning, Tarly?

SAM: Maester Aemon. How did you know-

AEMON: That it was you? Who else but Samwell Tarly would be wasting candles to read in the middle of the night?

SAM: Let me help you.

AEMON: Oh, no need. I know my way around this library better than any other place in Castle Black. Thousands of books and no eyes to read them. Old age is a wonderful source of irony if nothing else. But you didn't answer my question, what are you reading?

SAM: Maester [?]

AEMON: Ah, the Wildlings. I can assure you that the closest Maester [?] ever got to a Wildling was this very library.

SAM: But what he says about what they do...it's all true. It's exactly what the survivors of [?] report.

AEMON: Yes. Imagine the stories Wildlings tell about us! Love is the death of duty. I told that to your friend Jon Snow once. He didn't listen and neither did you. That's why you abandoned your watch atop the wall to come here and read about the things that may have happened to the girl you love.

SAM: I don't love her.

AEMON: Yes you do.

SAM: No.

AEMON: Yes you do! I heard it in your voice when you first brought her to me. I remember how it sounds! I was in love once.

SAM: You were?

AEMON: You can imagine all manner of horrors befalling that poor girl and her child, is it so difficult to imagine that an old person was once, more or less, like you?

SAM: I'm sorry Maester, I didn't mean it like that.

AEMON: You know who I was before I came here? What I could've been if I'd only said the word? Of course you do. I met many girls when I was Aemon Targaryen. A future king always does. Some of them were quite forward in their attempts to win my affections. One of them succeeded. I was very young.

SAM: Who was she?

AEMON: Ah ha. I could tell you everything about her. Who she was. How we met. The color of her eyes and the shape of her nose. I can see her right in front of me. She's more real than you are. We could spend all night trading tales of lost love. Nothing makes the past a sweeter place to visit than the prospect of imminent death. Go to bed Tarly.

[Aemon gets up and blows out the candle. Sam leaves the room and outside hears Gilly at the gate talking with Pypar]

PYP: I'm sorry, I can't open the gate for nobody. It's orders!

GILLY: They killed everyone! Everyone but me and my baby. And they're out there. I saw them on the way here, they may have seen me, they may have followed me please!

PYP: I'm sorry, I can't.

GILLY: If they find the boy, you don't know what they'll do.

SAM: Pyp! Open the gate.

PYP: I can't.

GILLY: Sam, is that you?!

SAM: Yes!

PYP: The [?] gave me strict orders to not open the gate.

SAM: Oh, Pyp. Open the fucking gate!

[Pyp goes to open the gate]

PYP: I've never heard you curse before.

SAM: Yes, well, best get used to it.

[Gilly runs inside and Sam embraces her]

SAM: Are you alright? Shh, you're alright. Yeah, of course you are my brave little fella.

GILLY: It was horrible.

SAM: I'm so so sorry. I didn't know until I got back.

GILLY: Don't let them send me away, Sam.

SAM: Never.

GILLY: I know there's no women allowed.

SAM: Anyone who tries to throw you out will be having words with me. From now on, wherever you go, I go too.

[A horn sounds in the distance]

ALLISER: Get ready!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Members of the Night's Watch can be heard shouting frantically. The owl screeches. Cut to Thenn warg whose eyes turn back to normal]

THENN WARG: It's time.

[The Wildlings get up and look at the hill. The owl flies away as the Night's Watch prepare for battle. Jon Snow walks out to the edge of The Wall and looks down upon flames in the distance. The Night's Watch light torches preparing for battle. Barrels are rolled to the edge of The Wall]

JANOS: Pick up the pace!

[The barrels are rolled into place]

JON: There we go, boys. That's one. There's two. Come on, let's get the next lot. That's the last of the oil, Ser Alliser.

ALLISER: A hundred thousand you say?

JON: Yes sir.

ALLISER: You can say it if you like. We should've sealed the tunnel while we had the chance like you suggested.

JON: It was a difficult decision either way, Ser.

ALLISER: Do you know what leadership means, Lord Snow? It means that the person in charge gets second-guessed by every little twat with a mouth. But if he starts second-guessing himself, that's the end. For him. For the clever little twats. For everyone. This is not the end. Not for us. Not if you lot do your duty for however long it takes to beat them back. And then you get to go on hating me and I get to go on wishing your Wildling whore had finished the job.

[Sam and Gilly are walking down a hall. Sam unlocks a door and they both enter. The room is filled with supplies. Gilly lays her baby on a sack of something]

SAM: You'll be safe down here. I'll check on you as soon as I can.

GILLY: You're leaving me again?

SAM: I'm not leaving you!

GILLY: You're going up there and we're staying down here. That's leaving. You said from now on we'd stay together.

SAM: I...I didn't mean in the same room.

GILLY: What are you going to do out there?

SAM: Help my brothers.

GILLY: How?! You going to fight the Free Folk when they come? They'll kill you. In Molestown they killed everyone.

SAM: I can't just hide here with you while they're fighting out there.

GILLY: Why not? You won't matter up there, you will down here.

SAM: Look. I am a man of the Night's Watch, Gilly. I made a promise to defend The Wall and I have to keep it, because that's what men do.

[Sam kisses Gilly]

GILLY: Promise me you won't die.

SAM: I promise you I won't die.

[Sam turns around and leaves the room. Outside the Night's Watch is still getting ready for battle. Pyp sets some arrows up then stands back, scared]

SAM: There's a lot more Wildlings on the other side of the wall than this side. We've got us some weapons and things. This is the perfect place for us to be.

PYP: I've never thrown a spear before. I've never held a sword with a proper edge. There's no place for me to be. You're not afraid?

SAM: Of course I'm afraid, there's a band of Wildlings coming to kill us.

PYP: Well if you're afraid of a band of Wildlings, how in seven hells did you manage to kill a White Walker?

SAM: I didn't know I was going to kill it, but I had to do something I didn't have any choice, he was going to kill Gilly and take the baby. If someone had asked me my name right then, I wouldn't have known. I wasn't Samwell Tarly anymore. I wasn't a Steward in the Night's Watch or son of Randyll Tarly or any of that. I was nothing at all. And when you're nothing at all, there's no more reason to be afraid.

PYP: But you're afraid now?

SAM: Yes, well, I'm not nothing anymore.

[Ygritte looks up at Castle Black. She sees Sam in the tower and she runs down the hill toward the other Wildlings]

YGRITTE: Most of their men are up top. Didn't count more than twenty down there. Leftovers. They've got a little fat one and a little bony one manning the front.

STYR: How high are the walls?

YGRITTE: Well, we'll be up and over before they know what's happened.

TORMUND: Let's kill some Crows!

[Everyone cheers]

TORMUND: *yells* Come on! *puts out the fire*
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The Wildlings head towards Castle Black. Overhead shot pans to show the castle, The Wall, and then the flames in the distance. Mance Rayder's forces are seen stomping and yelling through the woods. A giant rides a giant mammoth. The Night's Watch perched upon the wall look down at them in awe]

ALLISER: Archers knock, everyone else hold.

[The archers get ready to shoot, Grenn accidentally drops a barrel]

ALLISER: I said knock and hold you cunts! Does knock mean draw?!

NIGHT'S WATCH: No Ser!

ALLISER: Does fucking hold mean fucking drop?!

NIGHT'S WATCH: No Ser!

ALLISER: You all plan to die here tonight?

NIGHT'S WATCH: No Ser!

ALLISER: That's very good to hear. Draw!

MEMBER 1: Help, down below.

[Tormund and his men rush Castle Black as archers shoot at them. Ygritte grabs flaming arrows from the ground and shots up at the Night's Watch]

JANOS: They're attacking the southern gates!

ALLISER: Now?

JANOS: Now!

ALLISER: I'm going down then. Brother Slynt, you have The Wall.

JANOS: What?!

ALLISER: What are you fucking waiting for, loose!

JANOS: You heard the man. Loose!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The archers on The Wall let loose a barrage of arrows downward at Rayder's troops. They back up, then cheer. On the other side, Ygritte continues to let loose flaming arrows]

TORMUND: You, over there.

[Pyp shoots a crossbow down at Tormund's troops]

SAM: Did you get one?

PYP: No. Ah shit, Pyp. Shit. Sam.

SAM: Yeah?

PYP: I think we're gonna die.

SAM: If you keep missing we will.

[Tormund's troops throw rope up at the gate. Alliser steps off the lift and walks towards the Night's Watch]

ALLISER: Brothers! A hundred generations have defended this castle. We've never fallen before. She will not fall tongiht. Those are Things at our walls. They eat the flesh of the men they kill. Do you want to fill the belly of a Thing tonight?

NIGHT'S WATCH: No!

ALLISER: Tonight we fight. And when the sun rises I promise you, Castle Black will stand.

[Night's Watch cheers]

ALLISER: The Night's Watch will stand.

[Night's Watch cheers]

ALLISER: With me now! Now, with me!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Alliser and the Night's Watch rush at the Wildlings that have scaled the gate. Pyp and Sam leave their position as Tormund scales the gate. On the other side Rayder's troops advance]

JANOS: No discipline. No training. Gang of thieves, that's all this is. I commanded the city watch of King's Landing. Those men obeyed orders.

JON: We can't just let them attack the gate!

JANOS: The bars of those gates are four inches of cold, rolled steel.

JON: Those are giants riding mammoths down there. Do you think your cold, rolled steel's gonna stop them?

JANOS: No such thing as giants. They're stories for the children.

GRENN: Brother Slynt! I've just got word that Ser Alliser needs you below. You're the most experienced man he's got, he said he needs ya.

JANOS: Needed below? Yes. Yes.

[Janos runs away. Jon and Grenn nod at each other]

JON: Archers! Knock your arrows! Draw! Loose!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The archers let loose a bunch of arrows at Rayder's men as they rush the wall and begin to climb]

JON: They won't summit before dawn.

GRENN: How do you know that?

JON: Because I've made that claim.

ED: I think they're in a bigger hurry than you were.

[Archers of the Night's Watch are lowered perpendicular to The Wall]

JON: Knock! Draw! Loose!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[A Wildling tries to shoot an arrow up at The Wall unsuccessfully. A giant stands next to him and shoots his own arrow up. The first rips through one of the posts. The second clears one of the Night's Watch straight off the wall.At Castle Black the fighting continues. Styr kills a man, the blood splatters on Olly's face. Janos comes down off the lift and Olly returns the lift to the top. Wildlings break into the kitchen. Janos cowardly runs down a hall toward where Gilly and her baby are hiding. He looks at her in shock. Outside Pyp finally hits someone with his crossbow.]

PYP: I got one. Right through the heart, he's dead.

SAM: Oh, is it over?

PYP: Huh?

SAM: Well then. *hands Pyp a loaded crossbow*

[Pyp goes up to shoot a Wildling, but Ygrytte shoots an arrow right through his neck. He falls into Sam's arms]

SAM: You're alright. You're alright. I'll get help. Shh, shh. Maester [?] is coming, he's gonna make it alright.

JON: Now!

ED: Now!

[The Night's Watch drop barrels down toward the Wildlings that approach the gate. Two giants and a mammoth approach the gate and begin pulling at it with long ropes]

JON: *to Grenn* The outer gate won't hold. Take five men, hold the inner gate.

GRENN: Alright.

JON: *grabs Grenn's arm* Hold the gate. If they make it through...

GRENN: They won't. Come on Hill! And you Cooper! You three, on me! Come on you lazy bastards!

JON: Oil!

ED: Oil on the ramp!

ALLISER: Protect the gate!

[Alliser and Tormund start fighting each other like badasses. Tormund slices Alliser in the gut. Alliser falls to the ground and gets dragged underneath]

ALLISER: Hold the fucking gate! Hold it!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Sam sits with Pyp on his lap, dead. He lays him on the ground and grabs the crossbow. He makes a run for the lift as Thenn warg sees him and chases after him. Sam shoots him in the head with his crossbow. Grenn and the men that came down with him get off the lift]

SAM: *to Grenn* We need more men down here.

GRENN: We have to hold the gate.

SAM: But we need men here.

GRENN: Tell Jon! He's in command. *to the men behind him* Let's go!

[Sam gets in the lift]

SAM: *to Olly* Get me to the top! You hear me?!

[Olly sits on the ground with his hands over his ears in fear]

SAM: Your name's Olly, right? Listen to me Olly, get me to the top and when we give a signal, bring us back down. Do you hear me?

[Olly raises the lift]

SAM: And find a weapon, Olly. Fight them!

[Olly looks down at a bow and arrow. On The Wall, barrels of flaming oil are dropped down on the giants and the mammoth. The mammoth goes running off and one of the giants chases after it. Up top, one of the barrels got stuck and the men of the Night's Watch frantically try to get it off the ramp. A spear is fired down at one of the giants and it hits him right in the back. The other giant shouts in anger and goes to raise the gate with his bare hands. The barrel explodes on the ramp. Sam approaches Jon]

JON: What are you doing up here?

SAM: The Wildlings are over the walls. Ser Alliser has fallen. The castle walls can't stand much longer.

JON: Ed. You have The Wall. If they try the mammoths again, drop fire on them. If the climbers get too high, drop the scythe on them.

[Jon leaves his post and grabs his sword]

JON: Two brothers now fight with me.

ED: Might as well enjoy our last night, right boys? Light the fuckers up. Knock! Draw! Loose!

[Grenn gets to the inner gate with his men as the giant continues to raise the gate]

DONNEL: How are we gonna stop that?

COOPER: We shot twenty-eight arrows in him already.

GRENN: You heard Jon, we hold the gate.

DONNEL: Jon Snow's not Lord Commander.

GRENN: We hold the gate!

[The giant lifts the gate and goes under it]

DONNEL: Mother save me. Father save me.

GRENN: The gods aren't down here. It's the six of us, you hear me?

DONNEL: No, please.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The giant rushes toward the inner gate as Grenn and his men stand in fear, ready to fight]

GRENN: Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns

All TOGETHER: And win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come!

[Jon, Sam, and the other men ride the lift to the bottom]

JON: *to Sam* I don't want you out there.

SAM: You can't protect me forever. There won't be anywhere to hide if the castle falls.

[Jon hands Sam a key]

JON: I need him more than I need you.

[Sam nods as Jon opens the lift door early and leaps out and begins fighting. So begins the most incredible shot in the series, as the camera pans around the entire battlefield showing us glimpses of this truly epic battle. Sam runs to a door and unlocks it]

SAM: We need you boy.

[Ghost runs out and attacks one of the men that Jon was fighting. Tormund gets his first arrow to the back. Styr sees Jon and rushes to fight him. They go at it for a bit. Ygritte runs out of arrows so she jumps down and steals some from a dead body. Styr and Jon are still fighting as Ygritte finally spots Jon. Styr slams Jon's face against an anvil. Jon kills Styr with a hammer. As he turns around he sees Yrgitte with an arrow aimed right at him. They both stare, Jon smiles. An arrow goes straight through Ygritte's chest. She falls to the ground. It was Olly, that bastard. Jon rushes to catch Ygritte]

YGRITTE: Jon Snow.

JON: No, shh, don't talk.

YGRITTE: Do you remember that cave?

[Jon nods]

YGRITTE: We should've stayed in that cave.

JON: We'll go back there.

YGRITTE: You know nothing, Jon Snow.

[Ygritte dies. The battle rages on as Jon holds Ygritte's dead body. On the other side, Rayder's troops are climbing the wall]

ED: Drop the scythe, boys!

[A massive scythe drops down on the men]

ED: Hoister up!

[Rayder's troops retreat]

ED: They've had enough for one night.

[The Night's Watch cheers in excitement]

ED: Don't cheer too loud. They still outnumber us a thousand to one.

[Inside Castle Black's walls Tormund is still alive, swinging his sword with two arrows in his back]

JON: Tormund. It's over, let it end.

TORMuND: This is how a man ends.

[Jon grabs a crossbow and shoots Tormund in the leg then kicks away his weapon]

JON: Put him in chains. We'll question him later.

TORMUND: I should've thrown you from the top of your wall boy!

JON: Aye, you should've.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Gilly hears someone entering her room. She grabs a leg of meat as a weapon and rushes the door]

SAM: Woah! It's me. It's me. I promised you, didn't I?

[Sam turns around and sees Janos. Outside the Night's Watch clean up after the battle. Sam and Jon descend the stairs]

SAM: We held them off.

JON: For one night.

SAM: This is a great victory.

JON: Great victory? Mance was testing our defenses. He almost made it through. And he has more giants, he has more mammoths. He has a thousand times as many men. They'll hit us again tonight. Maybe we can hold them off for a day or two, but we can never beat them.

SAM: Where are you going?

JON: I'm going to find Mance.

SAM: To...you can't do that. No one gave you any orders.

JON: Who's left to give orders? The Wildling army is only an army because of Mance. He united a hundred warring tribes. Without Mance they lose their leader. They lose their purpose, they go back to fighting each other, scatter back to their home.

SAM: Without Mance? You're going to kill him?

JON: I'm going to try.

SAM: They'll never let you within a hundred yards of him. And if you did, even if you managed to kill him.

JON: He'll kill me. If I don't go he'll kill me anyway. They'll kill the rest of us too.

SAM: He won't just kill ya. They'll boil you. They'll filet you. They'll make it last days!

JON: You're right. It's a bad plan. What's your plan?

[Jon stands there for a second as he and Sam look at each other, then he walks off, Sam scampering after him. They walk down the tunnel toward the gate. The giant and Grenn and his men are dead on the ground]

JON: They held the gate. Get some brothers down here to help you. You need to burn the bodies. Raise the outer gate, then lower it again as soon as I'm out.

[Sam waves his torch to signal the raising of the gate. Jon removes his sword]

SAM: What are you doing?

JON: I promised Jeor I'd never lose it again. *he hands the sword to Sam* In case I don't come back.

SAM: Jon. Come back.

[The gate raises and Jon walks through it]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Jon Snow leaves the tunnel and walks out into the snow. Smoking dead bodies lie all around him. As he walks into the forest he becomes surrounded by Wildlings. He has entered the Wildling camp unarmed]

MANCE: You're wearing a black cloak again.

JON: I've been sent to negotiate with you.

[Mance and Jon enter Mance's tent and take a seat]

MANCE: It appears my trusting nature got the better of me. It's happened before. I was hoping your loyalty was real when you pledged yourself to us, Jon Snow, truly I was.

JON: The Halfhand ordered me to join your army and bring back whatever information I could to Castle Black. He made me kill him so you'd trust me. I was loyal, to him and to my Night's Watch vows.

MANCE: All of your vows? She wasn't enough to turn ya, eh? Were you enough to turn her?

JON: She put three arrows in me when I escaped.

MANCE: Did you see her again at Castle Black?

JON: Yes.

MANCE: And?

JON: She's dead.

MANCE: Your doing?

JON: No.

MANCE: We'll drink to her.

[One of the Wildlings gets two cups and fills them with liquid. Jon looks at Mance]

MANCE: Of all the ways I'd kill you, poison would be the last.

[They pick up their cups]

MANCE: Ygritte.

JON: Ygritte.

[They take a sip and Jon begins to cough]

JON: That's not wine.

MANCE: No, it's a proper Northern drink, Jon Snow. You did well. Fought hard. Killed some of our strongest men. One of our giants went into your tunnel and never came out again. Mag the Mighty.

JON: He's dead. He killed my friend Grenn.

MANCE: He was their king. Last of a bloodline that stretches back before the First Men.

JON: Grenn came from a farm.

[They lift their cups]

MANCE: Mag and Grenn.

JON: Grenn and Mag.

MANCE: Kullback, could I trouble you for something to eat? I don't imagine our guest has eaten anything in quite some time. So. You're here to strike a bargain?

JON: Turn your army around and go home.

MANCE: You know I know you're low on arrows. You're low on oil. You're low on men. How many are left? 50?

JON: I told Tormund and Orell. We have more than a thousand men.

MANCE: I showed you everything I had. The whole army, a hundred thousand strong, and what did you do? You fired on us with everything you had. It wasn't much. Soon as I saw that I sent four hundred men to climb the wall. An unmanned stretch five miles west of here. A lot of them will die climbing, but most of them will be over by the end of the day. This is me being honest with you, Jon Snow, which is more than you've ever done for me. My people have bled enough. We're not here to conquer, we're here to hide behind your wall just like you. We need your tunnel. Now we both know that winter is coming and if my people aren't south of the wall when it comes in earnest, we'll all end up worse than dead. Wanna strike a bargain with me? Here's a bargain. You go back, you open the gates to us and I swear to you that no one else will die. Refuse and we'll kill every last man in Castle Black.

[Jon looks over towards the knife. The Wildlings get their weapons ready]

MANCE: Ah! Oh, that's why you're here. I reckon you could do it before any of them could stop ya. They'd kill you of course, they'd kill ya slow, but ya knew that when you came in here. Are you capable of that, Jon Snow? Killing a man in his own tent when he's just offered ya peace? Is that what the Night's Watch is? Is that what you are?

[A horn blows in the distance. Everyone scrambles, Mance draws a knife to Jon's neck]

MANCE: You attacking us?

JON: No, it's like you said, we don't have the men.

[The Wildlings run around frantically. Men on horseback ride toward them]

MANCE: Hold! To me. To me.

[The horsemen continue toward the Wildlings, killing all in their path. The Wildlings fight back, clearly outnumbered]

MANCE: Stand down! I said my people have bled enough and I meant it.

[Stannis Baratheon and Davos Seaworth ride up toward Mance Rayder. They get off their horses. Mance disarms himself]

STANNIS: You're the king beyond the wall?

[Mance nods]

STANNIS: You know who I am?

MANCE: Never had the pleasure.

DAVOS: This is Stannis Baratheon, the one true king of the seven kingdoms.

MANCE: We're not in the seven kingdoms and you're not dressed for this weather.

STANNIS: It is customary to kneel when surrendering to a king.

MANCE: We do not kneel.

STANNIS: I'll have thousands of your men in chains by nightfall, I'll have nowhere to put them and nothing to feed them. I'm not here to slaughter beat dogs. Their fate depends on their king.

MANCE: All the same, we do not kneel.

STANNIS: Take these men away.

DAVOS: What are men of the Night's Watch doing in a Wildling camp?

JON: I was sent to discuss terms with the king beyond the wall.

DAVOS: You're speaking to the one true king boy. You'll address him as your grace.

JON: I know he's the king. My father died for him. My name is Jon Snow, your grace. I'm Ned Stark's son.

STANNIS: Your father was an honorable man.

JON: He was, your grace.

STANNIS: What do you think he'd have done with him?

JON: I was this man's prisoner once. He could've tortured me, he could've killed me, but he spared my life. I think my father would've taken him prisoner, listened to what he had to say.

STANNIS: Very well. *to Davos* Take him.

JON: Your grace. If my father'd seen the things that I've seen, he'd also tell you to burn the dead before nightfall. All of them.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING

[Qyburn is seen closely analyzing Gregor's body. He's in Pycelle's lab with Cersei]

PYCELLE: I would suggest milk of the poppy to ease his pain but he is completely insensate.

CERSEI: Bloody Martells.

PYCELLE: The cause appears to be manticore venom.

QYBURN: It is, yes, manticore.

PYCELLE: I've read a good deal about it. It's a horrible poison, usually Mantari in origin. Oh! Yes, yes. There's nothing to be done.

QYBURN: Yes there is.

PYCELLE: May I ask what you think you're doing?

QYBURN: Saving him.

PYCELLE: Your grace. I wish it were otherwise, but Ser Gregor is beyond saving. Well, well beyond. This man is not even a Maester, let alone Grand Maester.

QYBURN: That's for the best. No Maester knows how to save him.

PYCELLE: That is exactly the sort of arrogance that had him expelled from the citadel, your grace. His curiosity was deemed dangerous and unnatural. Rightly so in my opinion.

CERSEI: You're dismissed, Grand Maester.

PYCELLE: Your grace. This is my laboratory!

CERSEI: Not anymore.

[Pycelle leaves the laboratory angrily as Qyburn tries to save Gregor's body]

CERSEI: You can save him?

QYBURN: Difficult to say, your grace, but if my past work is any guide. We stand a chance.

CERSEI: Do everything you can. Come to me with anything you need.

QYBURN: Thank you, your grace. You should know, the process may change him, somewhat.

CERSEI: Will it weaken him?

QYBURN: Oh no.

CERSEI: Very well then.

[Cersei leaves as Qyburn drains Gregor's blood. Cersei is seen arguing with Tywin]

TYWIN: Not another word. We've been over this, the matter's closed.

CERSEI: I'm opening it again.

TYWIN: You are betrothed to Loras Tyrell. Still betrothed to Loras Tyrell and you will marry Loras Tyrell as soon as Tommen marries Margaery.

CERSEI: I will not.

TYWIN: Jaime cannot marry or inherit lands. Tyrion's sentence will be carried out tomorrow. You have, on several occasions, made great claims about your commitment to this family's future. Your role in that future is more vital now than it ever was.

CERSEI: I don't care. I will stay in King's Landing where I belong with my son, the king.

TYWIN: When you were nine years old, I was called to the capital. I decided to take your brother with me and not you. You insisted that you would not be left at Casterly Rock under any circumstances and if you recall-

CERSEI: I'm not interested in hearing another one of your smug stories about the time you won. This isn't going to be one of those times.

TYWIN: Do you think you'll be the first person dragged into a sept to be married against her will?

CERSEI: When you marched into the throne room to tell me we'd won the Battle at Blackwater, do you remember?! I was sitting on the iron throne with Tommen. I was about to give him essence of nightshade, that's how far I was willing to go when I thought someone awful had come to take my son away. Someone awful is coming to take him away.

TYWIN: No.

CERSEI: Joffrey is dead. Myrcella's been sold like livestock. And now you want to ship me off to Highgarden and steal my boy, my last boy. Margaery will dig her claws in and you will dig your claws in and you will fight over him like beasts until you rip him apart. I will burn our house to the ground before I let that happen.

TYWIN: And how will you do that?

CERSEI: I'll tell everyone the truth.

TYWIN: And what truth would that be?

CERSEI: You don't know, do you? You never believed it. How is that possible? What am I saying, of course it's possible. How can someone so consumed by the idea of his family have any conception what his actual family was doing? We were right there in front of you and you didn't see us. One look in the past twenty years, one real look and you would've known.

TYWIN: Known what?

CERSEI: Everything they say is true about Jaime and me.

TYWIN: No, no, no, no, no.

CERSEI: Your legacy is a lie.

TYWIN: I don't believe you.

CERSEI: Yes you do.

[Cersei walks away, leaving Tywin standing there alone. Jaime is turning pages in a book in another room]

CERSEI: Jaime.

JAIME: You won. One fewer brother. Must be proud of yourself. There's really nothing you wouldn't do, is there?

CERSEI: For my family, no. I would do things for my family you couldn't imagine.

JAIME: Tyrion is your family.

CERSEI: He's not.

JAIME: You don't get to choose.

CERSEI: I do, so do you. You can choose the creature that killed our mother to come into this world-

JAIME: Are you really mad enough to blame him for that? He didn't decide to kill her. He was an infant.

CERSEI: A disease doesn't decide to kill you, all the same you cut it out before it does. What do you decide? What do you choose?

JAIME: The things I did to get back to you, to endure all that, only to find you-

[Cersei kisses Jaime]

CERSEI: I choose you.

JAIME: Those are words.

CERSEI: Yes. Like the ones I just said to father. I told him.

JAIME: Told him what?

CERSEI: I told him about us.

JAIME: You told him?

CERSEI: I told him I wouldn't marry Loras Tyrell. I told him I'm staying right here with Tommen, with you.

JAIME: You think he'll just accept that?

CERSEI: Go and ask him.

[Cersei kisses Jaime]

JAIME: What did you say?

CERSEI: I don't want to talk about Tywin Lannister. I don't choose Tywin Lannister, I don't love Tywin Lannister. I love my brother. I love my lover. People will whisper, they'll make their jokes. Let them. They're all so small I can't even see them. I only see what matters.

[Cersei kisses Jaime's metal hand. Jaime pulls her close and kisses her]

JAIME: Someone will walk in.

CERSEI: I don't care.

[Jaime picks Cersei up and lays her on the table as the start having sex.]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEREEN

[Daenerys is sitting on her throne listening to her people's problems]

MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* You stand before Daenerys Stormborn, the Unburnt, Queen of Mereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men. Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons.

FENNESZ: *in Valyrian* Thank you for seeing me, your grace. My name is Fennesz. I can speak the common tongue if you wish.

DAENERYS: You speak it very well.

FENNESZ: Before you freed me, I belonged to Master Mighdal. I was tutor to his children. I taught them languages and history. They know a great deal about your family because of me. Little Calla is only seven, but she admires you very much.

DAENERYS: I hope I can prove worthy of her admiration. What can I do for you?

FENNESZ: When you took the city, the children begged me not to leave the house. But Master Mighdal and I agreed that I must. So I lost my home. Now I live on the streets.

DAENERYS: I have outfitted mess halls to feed all former slaves and barracks to shelter them.

FENNESZ: I do not mean to offend, your grace. I went to one of these places. The young prey on the old. Take what they want and beat us if we resist.

DAENERYS: My Unsullied will make them safe again in short order my friend, this I promise you.

FENNESZ: Even if they are safe, who would I be there? What purpose would I serve? With my master, I was a teacher. I had the respect and love of these children.

DAENERYS: What is it that you want from me?

FENNESZ: Your grace, I ask you to let me sell myself back to Master Mighdal.

DAENERYS: You want to return to a man who owned you, like a goat or a chair?

FENNESZ: Please, your grace, the young may rejoice in the new world you've built for them. But for those of us too old to change there is only fear and squalor. I am not alone. There are many outside waiting to beg the same-

DAENERYS: I did not take this city to preside over the injustice I fought to destroy. I took it to bring people freedom. But freedom means making your own choices. I will allow you to sign a contract with your former master. It may not cover a period lasting longer than a year.

FENNESZ: Thank you, your grace. Thank you.

[Fennesz leaves slowly]

BARRISTAN: The masters will take advantage of this situation. The men serving them will be slaves in all but name.

[Another man enters the hall]

DAENERYS: Approach my friend.

MAN: *in Low Valyrian* I do not understand, my queen. I do not understand, my queen.

MISSANDEI: *in Low Valyrian* The Queen says you may approach.

MAN: *crying, speaking Low Valyrian*

MISSANDEI: *translating* I have brought you. He came from the sky. The black one. The winged shadow. He came from the sky and...

[The man kneels on the ground sobbing, laying a pile of burnt bones on the ground]

MISSANDEI: *translating* My girl. My little girl.

[The man continues to sob. In another room Daenerys is speaking with Missandei]

DAENERYS: What was her name?

MISSANDEI: Zala, your grace.

DAENERYS: How old was she?

MISSANDEI: Three.

DAENERYS: Three. *in Valyrian* And still no word on Drogon?

GREY WORM: *in Valyrian* Sailors saw him flying over the Black Cliffs three days ago, my queen. Nothing since then.

DAENERYS: *in Valyrian* Meet me in the catacombs.

[The entrance to the catacombs is rolled open. Daenerys' dragons enter followed by Daenerys. Inside there is food for them. They chomp at the food as Daenerys puts a chain collar around their necks. She walks away crying as they screech at her. She turns around as the catacombs close with tears in her eyes.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK

[Aemon and the rest of the Night's Watch burn the bodies of their fallen comrades]

AEMON: They came to us from White Harbor and Barrowton, from Fairmarket and King's Landing, from north and south, from east and west. They died protecting men, women, and children who will never know their names. It is for us to remember them. Our brothers, we shall never see their like again.

ALL TOGETHER: And now their watch is ended.

AEMON: And now their watch is ended.

[Aemon passes the torch around as each member of the Night's Watch helps burn the bodies. Stannis watches from above. Jon Snow and Melisandre share a look]

TORMUND: Your old blind man patched me up. Why?

JON: He's sworn to treat all wounded men, friend or foe.

TORMUND: You want me alive so you can torture me?

JON: No one's going to torture you.

TORMUND: So how do we die? Hanging? Beheading? Drop us from the top of the wall?

JON: I don't know what happens to the prisoners.

TORMUND: Who decides?

JON: I suppose Stannis does.

TORMUND: He your king now?

JON: I don't have a king.

TORMUND: You spent too much time with us, Jon Snow. You can never be a kneeler again.

JON: We're gonna burn the bodies of your dead. Do you want to say any words over them?

TORMUND: Words? What kind of words?

JON: Funeral words. I don't know how the Free Folk do it.

TORMUND: Do what?

JON: Say farewell.

TORMUND: The dead can't hear us, boy.

[Jon walks away]

TORMUND: Snow. Did you love her? She loved you.

JON: She told you?

TORMUND: No. All she ever talked about was killing you. That's how I know. She belongs in the North. The real North. You understand me?

[Jon leaves and takes Ygritte's body out past The Wall. He burns her body in a pile of logs.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL

[Hodor drags Bran through the snow followed by Jojen and Meera Reed]

MEERA: We can stop, we can rest.

JOJEN: We'll rest with the three-eyed raven.

[Jojen falls to the ground]

MEERA: We're not going to make it.

JOJEN: We're already here.

BRAN: Jojen. Jojen! Look, Jojen, look.

[The group stands at the edge of a cliff. A large tree is seen not too far off in the distance. They head toward it. As they walk a skeleton hand reaches up and drags Jojen to the ground. It starts pulling him backwards as Meera runs towards him]

MEERA: JOJEN! Hold on!

BRAN (to Hodor): Help them! Now!

MEERA: Hold on to me!

[More hands burst from the ground.]

HODOR: Hodor...

BRAN: Help them!

[Skeleton warriors have now emerged from the ground. They attack Jojen, Meera and Hodor. A brawl ensues. One of them attacks Bran until his direwolf, Summer, fights it off. Bran then wargs into Hodor and starts fighting back.]

JOJEN: Bran! Save yourself, now!

[Meera defeats a skeleton warrior, only to see another repeatedly stabbing Jojen. Just as two skeletons close in on the warging Bran, they\A1\AFre destroyed by two fireballs, apparently controlled by a young girl.]

GIRL: Come with me, Brandon Stark!

[She looks at Meera and Jojen.]
GIRL: He is lost. Come with me, or die with him.

[JOJEN: Go with them.

The girl throws some more fireballs and the group move into a cave. When the skeletons try to follow, they explode.]

GIRL: They cannot follow us. The power that moves them is powerless here.

BRAN: Who are you?

GIRL: The First Men called us The Children, but we were born long before them. Come, he waits for you.

[They enter a room filled with tree roots. An old man is seated in the center. Bran approaches him.]

BRAN: You\A1\AFre the three-eyed raven.

OLD MAN: I have been many things. Now, I am what you see.

MEERA: My brother, he led us to you, and now he\A1\AD

OLD MAN: He knew what would happen. From the moment he left, he knew, and he went anyway.

MEERA: How do you know?

OLD MAN: I\A1\AFve been watching you. All of you, all of your lives, with a thousand eyes and one. Now you\A1\AFve come to me at last, Brandon Stark, though the hour is late.

BRAN: I didn\A1\AFt want anyone to die for me.

OLD MAN: He died so that you could find what you have lost.

BRAN: You\A1\AFre going to help me walk again?

OLD MAN: You\A1\AFll never walk again. But you will fly.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE RIVERLANDS

[Brienne and Podrick wake up in the open air on their way to the Eyrie.]

BRIENNE: Podrick. Podrick! Where are the horses?

PODRICK: I hobbled them last night.

BRIENNE: What sort of hobble?

PODRICK: A figure-eight, like you taught me.

BRIENNE: If you did it like I taught you then the horses would be here.

PODRICK: Thieves, maybe?

BRIENNE: It\A1\AFs at least thirty miles to the Eyrie from here. You\A1\AFre carrying the saddle bags.

[Brienne sees Arya Stark practising her river-dancing.]

ARYA: People coming. You can shit later, there\A1\AFs people coming!

BRIENNE: Morning!

ARYA: Morning.

BRIENNE: I like your sword. Are we getting close to the bloody gate?

ARYA: About ten more miles.

BRIENNE: Did you hear that Podrick? Only about ten more miles to the Bloody Gate.

ARYA: Are you a knight?

BRIENNE: No.

ARYA: But you know how to use that sword.

BRIENNE: I do.

ARYA: Does it have a name?

BRIENNE: \A1\B0Oathkeeper.\A1\B1

ARYA: Mine\A1\AFs \A1\B0Needle.\A1\B1

BRIENNE: Good name.

ARYA: Who taught you how to fight?
BRIENNE: My father.

ARYA: Mine never wanted to. Said fighting was for boys.

BRIENNE: Mine said the same. But I kept fighting the boys anyway. Kept losing. Finally my father said, \A1\B0If you\A1\AFre going to do it, you might as well do it right.\A1\B1

[Sandor \A1\B0The Hound\A1\B1 Clegane emerges.]

BRIENNE: Seven blessings. I\A1\AFm Brienne of Tarth, this is Podrick Payne.

HOUND: You want something?

PODRICK: That\A1\AFs Sandor Clegane- the Hound.

BRIENNE: You\A1\AFre Arya Stark.

HOUND: I asked if you wanted something.

BRIENNE: I swore to your mother I would bring you home to her.

ARYA: My mother\A1\AFs dead.

BRIENNE: I know. I wish I could\A1\AFve been there to protect her.

ARYA: You\A1\AFre not a northerner.

BRIENNE: I know, but I swore a sacred vow to protect her.

ARYA: Why didn\A1\AFt you?

BRIENNE: She commanded me to bring Jaime Lannister back to King\A1\AFs Landing.

HOUND: You\A1\AFre paid by the Lannisters. You\A1\AFre here for the bounty on me.

BRIENNE: I\A1\AFm not paid by the Lannisters.

HOUND: No? Fancy sword you\A1\AFve got there. Where\A1\AFd you get it? I\A1\AFve been looking at Lannister gold all my life. Go on, Brienne of fuckign Tarth, tell me that\A1\AFs not Lannister gold.

BRIENNE: Jaime Lannister gave me this sword.

ARYA: The Bloody Gate\A1\AFs ten miles.
BRIENNE: I swore to your mother by the Old Gods and the New\A1\AD

ARYA: I don\A1\AFt care what you swore!

BRIENNE: Arya!

HOUND: You heard the girl! She\A1\AFs not coming with you.

BRIENNE: She is.

[Brienne and The Hound both draw their swords.]

HOUND: You\A1\AFre not a good listener. Valyrian steel-- I\A1\AFve always wanted some Valyrian steel.

BRIENNE: Come with me Arya. I\A1\AFll take you to safety.

HOUND: Safety?! Where the fuck\A1\AFs that? Her aunt in the Eyrie\A1\AFs dead. Her mother\A1\AFs dead, her father\A1\AFs dead, her brother\A1\AFs dead. Winterfell\A1\AFs a pile of rubble. There\A1\AFs no safety, you dumb bitch. If you don\A1\AFt know that by now, you\A1\AFre the wrong one to watch over her.

BRIENNE: And that\A1\AFs what you\A1\AFre doing? Watching over her?

HOUND: Aye, that\A1\AFs what I\A1\AFm doing.

[They begin a swordfight. The Hound seems to have the upper hand but Brienne defends well and floors him.]

BRIENNE: I have no wish to kill you Ser.

[The Hound grabs Brienne\A1\AFs blade with his palms, shoves it to one side and punches her.]

HOUND: I\A1\AFm not a knight.

[They fight bare-handed, Brienne bites off The Hound's ear, then The Hound draws a knife, and Brienne grabs a rock. She pushes The Hound down a steep cliff.]

BRIENNE: Arya! Arya! ARYA! Where is she?

PODRICK: She was just here...

BRIENNE: Why weren\A1\AFt you watching her?

PODRICK: I was watching you I thought you migth need some help\A1\AD

BRIENNE: Which way Pod? Which way did she go?

PODRICK: Ah, I think that way.

BRIENNE: Arya!

[The camera moves to show us Arya hiding just above Brienne. She walks down to The Hound.]

HOUND: You\A1\AFre still here? [Coughs] Big bitch saved you.

ARYA: I don\A1\AFt need saving.

HOUND: No, not you. You\A1\AFre a real killer. With your water dancing, and your needle.

ARYA: You\A1\AFre gonna die?

HOUND: Unless there\A1\AFs a Maester hiding behind that rock, aye, I\A1\AFm done. I\A1\AFd skin you alive for wine. [Arya offers water.] Fuck water! Killed by a woman. I bet you liked that. Go on, go after her. She\A1\AFll help you. Going out alone, you won\A1\AFt last a day out there

ARYA: I\A1\AFll last longer than you.

HOUND: You remember where the heart is? Fuck it. I\A1\AFm ready. Go on, girl. Another name off your list. You kept promising me. I cut down your butcher\A1\AFs boy, the ginger. He was begging for mercy. Please sir, please don\A1\AFt kill me, please, please. Bled all over my horse. Saddle stunk of butcher\A1\AFs boy for weeks. And your sister, your pretty sister. I should\A1\AFve taken her. That night the Blackwater burned, I should\A1\AFve fucked her bloody. At least I\A1\AFd have one happy memory! Do I have to beg you? Do it. Do it.

[Arya stands up, takes The Hound\A1\AFs coin purse, and walks away.]

HOUND: Kill me. Kill me! Kill me! Kill me!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING

[We enter Tyrion\A1\AFs cell. The door opens.]

TYRION: Oh, get on with it you son of a whore.

JAIME: Is that any way to speak about our mother?

TYRION: What\A1\AFre you doing?

JAIME: What do you think I\A1\AFm doing? The galley\A1\AFs waiting in the bay bound for the Free Cities.

TYRION: Who\A1\AFs helping you?

JAIME: Varys.

TYRION: Varys?

JAIME: You have more friends than you thought.

[They reach the end of the underground tunnel.]

JAIME: There\A1\AFs a locked door at the top of the stairs. Knock on it twice, and then twice again. Varys will open.

TYRION: I suppose this is goodbye, then.

[They hug.]

JAIME: Farewell, little brother.

TYRION: Jaime, thank you. For my life.

JAIME: Quickly now.

[Tyrion takes a torch and uses a trap door to enter a room. There is a woman sleeping on a double bed, and we see the booch of the Hand of the King.]

WOMAN: Tywin\A1\AD my lion...

[We see that the woman is Shae. She grabs a knife, and she and Tyrion struggle. Tyrion eventually strangles her with the bedclothes, weeping.]

TYRION: I\A1\AFm sorry. I\A1\AFm sorry.

[Tyrion takes a crossbow from the wall and walks in on Tywin on the privy.]

TYWIN: Tyrion! Put down the crossbow. Who released you? Ah, your brother ,I expect. He always had a soft spot for you. Come, we\A1\AFll go and talk in my chambers. Is this how you want to speak to me? Shaming your father has always given you pleasure\A1\AD

TYRION: All my life, you\A1\AFve wanted me dead.

TYWIN: Yes. But you refused to die. I respect that, even admire it. You fight for what\A1\AFs yours. I\A1\AFd never let them execute you; is that what you fear? I\A1\AFd never let Illyn Paynetake your head. You\A1\AFre a Lannister. You\A1\AFre my son.

TYRION: I loved her.

TYWIN: Who?

TYRION: Shae.

TYWIN: Bah, Tyrion. Put down that crossbow.

TYRION: I murdered her. With my own hands.

TYWIN: It doesn\A1\AFt matter.

TYRION: It doesn\A1\AFt matter?

TYWIN: She was a whore!

TYRION: Say that word again.

TYWIN: And what? You\A1\AFll kill your own father in the privy? No. You\A1\AFre my son. Enough of this nonsense\A1\AD

TYRION: I am your son, and you sentenced me to die. You knew I didn\A1\AFt poison Joffrey, but you sentenced me all the same. Why?

TYWIN: Enough. We\A1\AFll go back to my chambers and speak with some dignity.

TYRION: I can\A1\AFt go back there. She\A1\AFs in there.

TYWIN: What, are you afraid of a dead whore?

[Tyrion fires the crossbow at Tywin.]

TYWIN: You shot me. You\A1\AFre no son of mine.

TYRION: I am your son. I have always been your son.

[Tyrion fires again.]

VARYS: What have you done? Quickly. Trust me, my friend, I\A1\AFve brought you this far.

[Varys loads Tyrion, in a transport container, onto a ship. He goes to walk back to King's Landing, but turns around and boards the ship himself]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE RIVERLANDS

[We go back to Arya, alone. She rides her horse to a small port.]

ARYA: I want to see the captain.

CAPTAIN: You\A1\AFre seeing him.

ARYA: I want to go north, to the wall.

CAPTAIN: No you don\A1\AFt.

ARYA: I can pay.

CAPTAIN: There is nothing in the north but ice and war and pirates.

ARYA: I wouldn\A1\AFt need a cabin. Please, I could work, scrubbing the floors, or\A1\AD

CAPTAIN: I\A1\AFm not going north, child, we\A1\AFre going home.

ARYA: Where\A1\AFs home?

CAPTAIN: The Free City of Braavos.

ARYA: Wait, I have something else.

CAPTAIN: More silver won\A1\AFt make a difference.

ARYA: It\A1\AFs not silver, it\A1\AFs iron.

[Arya hands over the token she was given by Jaqen H'ghar.]

ARYA: Valar morghulis.

CAPTAIN: How did you\A1\AD valar dohaeris. Of course, you shall have a cabin.

[We see Arya aboard the ship.]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WOODS

A younger Cersei and her friend Melara are walking in the woods.

MELARA: We shouldnt be out here alone.

CERSEI: Why not?

MELARA: If your father hears

CERSEI: Hell never know weve been gone.

MELARA: But if he finds out

Cersei takes her hands.

CERSEI: You dont need to be afraid of my father.

They walk until they see a hut with smoke coming out of it.

MELARA: Are you sure?

CERSEI: Yes.

MELARA: We shouldnt go in.

CERSEI: Of course we should.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. MAGGYS HUT

A fire is burning and various plants are hanging from the ceiling. They hear a shriek then

MAGGY: Get out. Get out!

MELARA: Lets go

CERSEI: No.

MAGGY: Listen to your friend.

CERSEI: They said that you were terrifying. With cats teeth and three eyes. Youre not terrifying. Youre boring.

MAGGY: You dont know what I am.

CERSEI: I know youre a witch and you can see the future. Tell me mine.

MAGGY: Everybody wants to know their future. Until they know their future.

CERSEI: This is my fathers land. My land. Tell me my future or Ill have your two boring eyes gouged out of your head.

Maggy chuckles then hands Cersei a knife.

MAGGY: Your blood. Give me a taste.

Cersei cuts her thumb then Maggy grabs her hand to suck her blood.

MAGGY: Three questions you get. You wont like the answers.

CERSEI: Ive been promised to the prince. When will we marry?

MAGGY: Youll never wed the prince. Youll wed the king.

CERSEI: But I will be queen?

MAGGY: Oh yes, youll be queen. For a time. In comes another. Younger, more beautiful, to cast you down and take all you hold dear.

CERSEI: Will the king and I have children?

MAGGY: No. The king will have 20 children, and you will have 3.

CERSEI: That doesnt make sense.

MAGGY: Gold will be their crowns. Gold their shrouds.

Maggy starts laughing. Cerseis thumb starts dripping blood.

MELARA: Come on, we have to go. We have to go! Cersei!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

CUT TO: CERSEIS FACE - KINGS LANDING - MODERN DAY

Cersei gets out of a cart to a funeral procession outside of the Great Sept of Baelor. She walks to the top of the stairs.

PRIEST: Your grace, we are honored by your presence. The mourners are waiting.

CERSEI: They will keep waiting. I want a moment alone with him.

PRIEST: But your grace, many of these lords and ladies have travelled day and night to be here

Cersei starts walking away.

PRIEST: From all seven kingdoms

CERSEI: They will wait.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

Tywins body rests with hand-painted stones on top of his eyes. Jaime presides over the body. Cersei walks next to him.

CERSEI: He never wanted you to be a Kings Guard, but here you are, protecting his dead body.

JAIME: What he built. The towers. He built it for us. He meant it for us. Theyre going to try to take it away, all of it.

CERSEI: They?

JAIME: All of them out there are enemies. Theyre waiting a night to make sure hes really dead and as soon as they see the stones on his eyes theyll set to work on tearing us apart.

CERSEI: They had nothing to do with it. The man who murdered our father, he tore us apart, hes the enemy. Ive been telling you for years, youve been defending him for years

JAIME: This is exactly what they want.

CERSEI: ...and now our father is dead. And that little monster is out there somewhere drawing breath. Did you set him free?

No response from Jaime.

CERSEI: Tyrion may be a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. Youre a man of action, arent you? When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences. Take a look. (gestures towards Tywin) Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world.

Cersei kisses Tywin on the head then leaves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. CRATE - PENTOS

We see men working with rope, merchants carrying boxes, and trees through a hole in the crate. The crate is set down and opened up. Tyrion comes out with Varys standing over him.

VARYS: Apologies.

TYRION: I still dont see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.

VARYS: I saved your life. If they catch you, they catch me. I cannot say I feel overly guilty about leaving you in that fucking crate.

TYRION: Do you know what its like to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?

VARYS: No. I only know what its like to pick up your shit and throw it overboard.

Tyrion looks around.

TYRION: Pentos?

Varys nods.

VARYS: The home of my colleague. Ilyrio Mopatis. A merchant. He and I met many years ago, through mutual friends. A group of people who saw Robert Baratheon for the disaster he was. We tried to do what was best for the realm by supporting the Targaryen restoration. And thus began the chain of mistakes that has led us both here. Things have gotten worse, not better. Westeros needs to be saved from itself.

Tyrion pours himself a cup of wine and drinks it.

TYRION: Much better.

VARYS: My lord?

TYRION: I dont think I am anymore. A lord. Are you a lord if you kill your father? I dont suppose they revoke your nobility for killing a whore. That has to be happen all the time.

VARYS: You already drank yourself across the Narrow Sea.

TYRION: In a box. Why stop now?

VARYS: Because we are talking about the future of our country.

Tyrion finishes his wine.

TYRION: The future is shit. Just like the past.

He pukes up his wine and then pours himself another cup.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

CUT TO: MEEREEN

The giant bronze Harpy statue is pulled down from the top of the pyramid.

EXT. BROTHEL - MEEREEN

An Unsullied soldier, White Rat, walks up to a prostitute and hands her a coin. She takes him into her room and starts undressing him.

PROSTITUTE: You want the same? Same as always?

She undresses herself

WHITE RAT: You you dont have to.

PROSTITUTE: Habit.

She puts her clothes back on and lays down next to him in bed, stroking his head and humming. A knife slits his throat. White Rat looks up and sees a member of the Sons of the Harpy holding the knife

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT PYRAMID - MEEREEN

A golden Sons of the Harpy mask rests on the table.

DAENERYS: Sons of the Harpy?

BARRISTAN: Yes, your grace. They left it on the body.

DAENERYS: Theyve never killed before.

BARRISTAN: It was only a matter of time, your grace. Conquerors are always met with resistance.

DAENERYS: I didnt conquer them. Their own people did.

MOSSADOR: They do not see us as people, Your Grace.

DAENERYS: Then they will have to learn to see things differently, Mossador. He did not risk his life fighting for freedom so cowards in masks could take it away. And I did not take up residence in this pyramid so I could watch the city below decline into chaos. What was the name of the man you lost?

GREY WORM: White Rat, your grace.

DAENERYS: I want him buried with honor. Publicly. In the Temple of the Graces.

BARRISTAN: The Sons of the Harpy will hear that message.

MOSSADOR: Make them very angry.

DAENERYS: Angry snakes lash out. Makes chopping off their heads that much easier. Find the men who did this and bring them to me.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HALLWAY

The Unsullied are putting their armor on. Missandei walks up to Grey Worm.

MISSANDEI: Torgo Nudho.

GREY WORM: Missandei hin Naath.

MISSANDEI: I wanted to speak with you.

The other Unsullied leave the room.

GREY WORM: Why do you come?

MISSANDEI: White Rat, the Unsullied who I have heard they found his body in a brothel. I have heard that more than one Unsullied has been known to visit Meereens brothels. May I ask you why? Why would an Unsullied go to a brothel?

GREY WORM: I do not know. I must go.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK

Jon Snow is parrying with Olly. Jon puts his sword to Ollys neck.

JON: Get your shield up.

OLLY: Its too heavy.

JON: If it wasnt heavy it wouldnt stop a sword, now get it up.

Jon knocks Olly into the ground then helps him up.

JON: Come. Try it again. Drive at me. Keep your shield up. Or Ill ring your head like a bell.

Sam and Gilly are watching them parry from afar.

GILLY: Shouldnt you be training, too?

SAM: Well, Im hardly a new recruit. How many brothers can say theyve killed a white walker and a Thenn? I might be the first in history!

Ser Alliser walks by.

ALLISER: These men need a firm hand. Always have. Theyre poachers and thieves.

He gives Sam and Gilly a look.

ALLISER: Not soldiers.

He walks away.

GILLY: That one hates me.

SAM: If Ser Alliser is chosen as the new Lord Commander he hates the wildlings.

Sam looks at Gillys baby.

SAM: All the wildlings.

GILLY: Dont let them send us away.

SAM: Its not a sure thing. Ser Denys Mallister has commanded the Shadow Tower for 20 years, and people say hes a good man. Hes running against Ser Alliser--

GILLY: Sam! Dont let them send us away.

SAM: I told you. Wherever you go, I go, too.

GILLY: You cant leave, theyll execute you.

Cut back to Jon and Olly parrying. Olly is on the offensive.

JON: Good, good, pivot! Dont forget to pivot! Shield up!

Jon turns and sees Melisandre waiting.

MELISANDRE: The king wants a word.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. ELEVATOR - THE WALL

Jon looks uncomfortably at Melisandre.

JON: Youre not cold, my lady?

MELISANDRE: Never. The Lords fire lives within me, Jon Snow.

She takes his hand to her face.

MELISANDRE: Feel.

Jon feels her face.

MELISANDRE: Are you a virgin?

JON: No.

MELISANDRE: Good.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

EXT. THE WALL

MELISANDRE: Your grace. The bastard of Winterfell.

Jon bows to Stannis. Stannis motions for him to get up.

STANNIS: You know who rules at Winterfell now?

JON: Roose Bolton.

STANNIS: The traitor who plunged a dagger into Robb Starks heart. Dont you want to avenge him?

JON: I want a great many things, your grace. But Im a sworn brother of the Nights Watch now.

DAVOS: Ive been talking to your sworn brothers. Many of them love you.

JON: Theyre good men.

DAVOS: Many dont. You were seen taking the body of a wildling girl north of the Wall. Why?

JON: Its where she belonged.

DAVOS: Some of the Nights Watch feel you have too much affection for the wildlings.

JON: They were born on the wrong side of the wall. That doesnt make them monsters.

STANNIS: No matter. I shall take back the North from the thieves who stole it. Tywin Lannister is dead. He cant protect them now. I shall mount Roose Boltons head on a spike. But if Im to take Winterfell Ill need more men.

JON: The men of the Nights Watch are sworn to play no part--

STANNIS: Im not talking about the damn Nights Watch. Im talking about the wildlings.

JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army?

STANNIS: If they swear to follow me, Ill pardon them. Well take Winterfell. Once the North is won, Ill declare them citizens of the realm. Ill give them land to live on.

DAVOS: Its a fair offer. More than fair.

STANNIS: Ill offer them their lives and their freedom if Mance kneels before me and swears his loyalty.

JON: I dont think thats likely.

STANNIS: You admire him, dont you?

JON: I respect him.

STANNIS: He likes you. Convince him to bend the knee...

JON: Your grace

STANNIS: ...or he burns.

JON: How much time do I have?

STANNIS: Nightfall. The sun drops fast this time of year. Hurry, Jon Snow.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

CUT TO: THE VALE OF ARRYN

Sansa, Littlefinger, and Yohn Royce are watching Robin parry. He is being beaten badly.

MASTER OF ARMS: Sword up! Attack, my lord! Attack! Dont cross your feet!

YOHN ROYCE: My sons have had swords in their hands from the time they could walk. This one

BAELISH: Lord Arryn will never be a great warrior.

ROYCE: Great warrior? He sings a sword like a girl with palsy.

SQUIRE: My lord. (hands Baelish a note)

MASTER OF ARMS (O.S.): Sword up, my lord!

BAELISH: Some boys develop more slowly. Hes still young.

ROYCE: Hes 13. Boys go to war at 13.

BAELISH: He has other gifts.

ROYCE: Does he?

BAELISH: The gift of a great name. Sometimes thats all one needs.

He offers his hand to Sansa and takes her away from the swordfight. Lord Royce follows.

SANSA: Goodbye Lord Royce, and thank you for all youve done for me.

ROYCE: I have done nothing more than my duty, my lady.

BAELISH: I have no doubt that upon my return, Robins skills will have improved immeasurably.

ROYCE: Hell be safe here. As for his skills, I make no promises.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

CUT TO: COUNTRYSIDE

Podrick sits down next to Brienne, who is sharpening her sword.

PODRICK: Will we head north at some point? He said Sansa had a brother at Castle Black. Were a few days ride from the Kingsroad, but that will take us--

BRIENNE: Us? The only reason youre here is that Jaime Lannister told me you werent safe in the capital. Youre hundreds of miles from Kings Landing. No one knows what you look like. No one cares. Youre safe.

PODRICK: But Im youre squire.

BRIENNE: Do you even know what a squire is?

PODRICK: An attendant to a knight?

BRIENNE: Im not a knight. That means youre not a squire.

PODRICK: Well, where would I go?

BRIENNE: I dont care, Im not your mother.

PODRICK: You swore to find the Stark girls.

BRIENNE: I found Arya. She didnt want my protection.

PODRICK: Sansa still might.

BRIENNE: Will you shut your mouth? I didnt ask for advice. I dont want anyone following me. Im not a leader. All I ever wanted is to fight for a Lord I believed in. The good lords are dead and the rest are monsters.

A horse and carriage rides by.

INT. CARRIAGE
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

SANSA: You told Lord Royce we were going to the Fingers.

BAELISH: I did.

SANSA: But were heading west.

BAELISH: We are.

SANSA: If he wanted to betray us, he already would have.

BAELISH: Lord Royce may be as honorable as he thinks he is, but hes not alone in that castle. Do you trust all those knights and ladies, stable boys and serving girls?

SANSA: No. Do you trust the carriage driver or the knights escorting us?

Baelish smiles.

BAELISH: No. But I pay them well, and theyve seen what happens to men who disappoint me.

SANSA: So where are we going? To a land where you trust everyone?

BAELISH: So a land so far from here, even Cersei Lannister cant get her hands on you.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KINGS LANDING

Close-up on Cersei drinking wine while Loras talks in the background.

LORAS: It was such a deep, deep shock to us all. Your father was a force to be reckoned with. He truly was. I wouldnt presume to claim to have known him as such

Cut to Tommen talking and smiling with Margaery.

LORAS: But just being in his presence was enough to make it so clear just how formidable a person you were dealing with. What a what a force to be reckoned with.

CERSEI (sighs): Thank you so much for your kind words.

Cersei walks away and heads down the stairs.

GRAND MAESTER PYRCELLE: Deepest condolences, your grace. This tragedy I never trusted Varys. I often warned

Cersei walks away from him. A barefooted man in a robe walks up to Cersei.

LANCEL LANNISTER: Your grace.

Cersei inspects him for a moment.

CERSEI: Cousin Lancel. I hardly recognized you.

LANCEL: My deepest sympathies.

KEVAN LANNISTER: I apologize for my sons appearance.

CERSEI: Uncle, its quite alright.

Lancel walks away.

KEVAN: They call themselves sparrows. Bloody fanatics. Religion has its place, of course, but at a certain point They never would have come to the capital when Tywin was alive.

CERSEI: Im sure hell grow out of it. Whatever it is. Excuse me.

KEVAN: Of course.

Cersei walks away, grabs a glass of wine, and heads to a room alone. Lancel greets her after some time.

CERSEI: Your wounds from the Blackwater seem to have healed.

LANCEL: It wasnt my wounds that needed healing.

CERSEI: What can I do for you?

LANCEL: You can forgive me.

CERSEI: What could you possibly have done to warrant my forgiveness?

LANCEL: I led you into the darkness.

CERSEI: I doubt youve ever led anyone anywhere.

LANCEL: I tempted you into our unnatural relations. And, of course, there was the king. His boar hunt. His wine.

CERSEI: I dont know what youre talking about.

LANCEL: Im a different person now. I found peace in the light of the Seven. You can too. They watch over all of us, ready to dole out mercy or justice. Their world is at hand. I will pray for your fathers soul.

Cersei laughs.

CERSEI: The day Tywin Lannisters soul needs your help

Cersei takes a sip of wine and Lancel walks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

CUT TO: LORAS BEDROOM

Close-up of Loras' birth mark.

OLYVAR: It looks like Dorne.

LORAS: No it doesnt.

OLYVAR: It does. Thats the Sunspear bit right there. And thats where the mountains are. And over here is Sunsnake? Stonespear?

LORAS: Sandstone.

OLYVAR: Yes. Yes, Sandstone. Just there.

LORAS: Fine.

They start kissing.

LORAS: Its Dorne.

OLYVAR: We should go there. I think we would have a lovely time.

LORAS: Judging by my experience, that would be wonderful. Dorne, Highgarden. Anywhere but here.

They kiss. Margaery walks in.

MARGAERY: Were late for dinner as it is.

LORAS: Youre very respectful.

MARGAERY: Im very hungry.

She closes the door.

MARGAERY: Whats your name?

OLYVAR: Olyvar, my lady.

MARGAERY: Im afraid my brother is keeping the king waiting, Olyvar.

Olyvar kisses Loras then leaves the room.

MARGAERY: Perhaps you might consider being a bit more discreet?

LORAS: Why? They all know about me anyway. Everybody knows everything about everyone. Whats the point in trying to keep a secret in a place like this?

MARGAERY: In any event (throws Loras his clothes) you shouldnt keep your intended waiting.

LORAS: My intended? Please. Tywins dead. That means no one can force Cersei to marry me.

MARGAERY: Lucky you.

LORAS: Unlucky you.

MARGAERY: You think I want that woman married to my brother?

LORAS: If she doesnt marry me, she doesnt go to Highgarden. Which means she stays in Kings Landing. Which means youre trapped here with Cersei Lannister as your mother-by-law.

MARGAERY: Perhaps.

LORAS: Perhaps?

MARGAERY: Perhaps?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

CUT TO: PENTOS

Tyrion is standing on a balcony with a glass of wine. Varys approaches him.

TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.

VARYS: Imp, half-man.

Tyrion raises his glass.

VARYS: There are faster ways to kill yourself.

TYRION: Not for a coward.

VARYS: You are many things, my friend, but not a coward.

TYRION: You never told me why you set me free.

VARYS: Your brother asked me to.

TYRION: You could have said no.

VARYS: Refuse the Kingslayer? A dangerous proposition.

TYRION: Not as dangerous as releasing me. You risked your life, your position, everything. Why? Youre not family, you owe me nothing.

VARYS: I didnt do it for you. I did it for the Seven Kingdoms.

TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms.

VARYS: I dont believe in saviors. I believe men of talent have a role to play in the war to come.

TYRION: Youre going to have to find another soldier. Im done with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.

VARYS: You have many admirable qualities, self-pity is not one of them. Any fool with a bit of luck can find himself born into power. But earning it for yourself, that takes work.

TYRION: Im not well-suited for work.

VARYS: I think you are. You have your fathers instinct for politics, and you have compassion.

TYRION: Compassion? Yes. I killed my lover with my bare hands. I shot my own father with a crossbow.

VARYS: I never said you were perfect.

TYRION: What is it you want exactly?

VARYS: Peace. Prosperity. A land where the powerful do not prey on the powerless.

TYRION: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine. The powerful have always preyed on the powerless, thats how they became powerful in the first place.

VARYS: Perhaps. And perhaps weve grown so used to horror we assume theres no other way. If you sat on the Iron Throne, would you spread misery throughout the land?

TYRION: I will never sit on the Iron Throne.

VARYS: No, you wont. But you could help another climb those steps and take that seat. The Seven Kingdoms need someone stronger than Tommen, but gentler than Stannis. A monarch who can intimidate the high lord and inspire the people. A ruler loved by millions with a powerful army and the right family name.

TYRION: Good luck finding him.

VARYS: Who said anything about him? You have a choice my friend. You can stay here at Ilyrios palace and drink yourself to death, or you can ride with me to Mereen, meet Daenerys Targaryen, and decide if the world is worth fighting for.

TYRION: Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

CUT TO: MEEREEN

The Unsullied march through the streets.

DAARIO NAHARIS: When did the Unsullied start patrolling the streets of Meereen? Looks like your friends havent been behaving themselves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID

HIZDAHR ZO LORAQ: The mission to Yunkai was a resounding success. The Wise Masters of Yunkai have agreed to cede power to a council of elders, made up of both the freedmen and the former slaveholders. All matters of consequence will be brought to you for review.

DAENERYS: Good.

HIZDAHR: They did ask for some concessions.

DAENERYS: Concessions?

HIZDAHR: Politics is the art of compromise, your grace.

DAENERYS: Im not a politician. Im a queen.

HIZDAHR: Forgive me. Youre right, of course. Still, its easier to rule happy subjects than angry ones.

DAENERYS: I dont expect the Wise Masters to be happy. Slavery made them rich, I ended slavery.

HIZDAHR: They do not ask for the return of slavery. They ask for the re-opening of the fighting pits.

DAENERYS: The fighting pits? Where slaves fought slaves to the death?

HIZDAHR: In the new world that youve brought to us, free men would fight free men.

Daario takes out his sword and smiles at Daenerys.

HIZDAHR: The pitfighters that you liberated plead for this opportunity. Bring some here and ask them yourself.

DAENERYS: No fighting pits.

HIZDAHR: Opening them would show the people of Yunkai and Meereen that you respect their traditions.

DAENERYS: I do not respect the tradition of human cockfighting.

HIZDAHR: If you--

DAENERYS: How many times must I say no before you understand?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. GREAT PYRAMIND - BEDROOM

DAENERYS: Whatever he wants from me hes not going to get it. If he really believes Im going to reopen the fighting pits

DAARIO: You should reopen the fighting pits.

DAENERYS: What?

DAARIO: My mother was a whore, I told you that. She liked to drink pear brandy. The older she got, the less she made selling her body, the more she wanted to drink. So one day when I was 12, she sold me to a slaver she fucked the night before.

DAENERYS: Why?

DAARIO: I was a bad child. I wasnt big, but I was quick. And I loved to fight. So they sold me to a man in Tolos who trained fighters for the pits. I had my first match when I was 16.

DAENERYS: You were sold into slavery, forced to fight to the death for the amusement of the masters, and youre defending the fighting pits?

DAARIO: Im only here because of those pits. I learned to fight like a Dothraki screamer, a Norvoshi priest, a Westerosi knight. Soon I was famous. 10,000 men and women screamed my name when I stepped into the pit. I made so much money for my master he set me free when I died. I joined the Second Sons, and then I met you.

A long pause.

DAARIO: Youre the queen. Everyones too afraid of you to speak truth. Everyone but me. Youve made thousands of enemies all across the world. As soon as they see weakness, theyll attack. Show your strength here, now.

DAENERYS: Thats why I have the Unsullied patrolling the streets.

DAARIO (scoffs): Anyone with a chest full of gold can buy an army of Unsullied. Youre not the Mother of Unsullied. Youre the Mother of Dragons.

DAENERYS: I dont want another childs bones dropped at my feet. No ones seen Drogon in weeks. For all I know hes flown halfway across the world. I cant control them anymore.

DAARIO: A dragon queen with no dragons is not a queen.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. DRAGON PIT

Daenerys walks into the room the dragons are being held. She hears chains rattling.

DAENERYS: Viserion? Rhaegal?

The two fully grown dragons start snapping, screaming, and breathing fire at her.

DAENERYS: Easy. Easy. Easy.

They keep breathing fire and roaring so she leaves the room, terrified.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK

Members of the Nights Watch are constructing a funeral pyre.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MANCES CELL

Jon Snow enters the room.

MANCE: So here we are.

JON: Here we are.

MANCE: When we first met you were my prisoner. And now, for our last meeting

JON: This doesnt have to be our last meeting.

MANCE: No, but it will be.

JON: You know what Stannis wants?

MANCE: He wants me to bend the knee. And he wants the free folk to fight for him. Ill give him this much: hes bold.

JON: Shouldnt a king be bold?

MANCE: Oh, aye. I respect him. If he gets what he wants, I expect hell be a better ruler than the fools sitting on the Iron Throne the last hundred years. But Ill never serve him.

JON: You told me you werent here to conquer. You told me your people have bled enough.

MANCE: Thats right. But I dont want them bleeding for Stannis Baratheon either.

JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history. Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants. A lifes work uniting them. You didnt do it for power. You didnt do it for glory. You brought them together to save them because none of them will survive the winter, not if theyre north of the wall. Isnt their survival more important than your pride?

MANCE: Pride? Fuck my pride. This isnt about that.

JON: Then bend the knee and save your people.

MANCE: They followed me because they respected me. Because they believed in me. The moment I kneel for a Southern king thats all gone.

JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you wont go out and rescue them because why? Youre afraid of looking afraid.

MANCE: Oh, I am afraid. No shame in that. How will they do it? Beheading? Hanging?

JON: Theyll burn you alive.

MANCE: Bad way to go. Ill be honest with you, I dont want to die. And burnt to death, I dont want people to remember me like that. Scorched and screaming. But its better than betraying everything I believe.

JON: And what happens to your people? You preserve your dignity and die standing, and theyll sing songs about you. Youd rather burn than kneel. The great hero. Until winter comes, and the white walkers come for us all, and theres no one left to sing.

MANCE: Youre a good lad. Truly, you are. But if you cant understand why I wont enlist my people in a foreigners war, theres no point explaining.

Jon walks to the door, then turns around.

JON: I think youre making a terrible mistake.

MANCE: The freedom to make my own mistakes was all I ever wanted.

Jon nods then leaves the room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

EXT. CASTLE BLACK - NIGHT

Members of the Nights Watch escort Mance to Stannis.

STANNIS: Mance Rayder, youve been called the King Beyond the Wall. Westeros only has one king. Bend the knee, I promise you mercy.

Mance looks at the Free Folk, including Tormund, the Nights Watch have chained up. Then he looks at Jon Snow.

STANNIS: Kneel and live.

MANCE: This was my home for many years. I wish you good fortune in the wars to come.

Stannis nods. His men take Mance onto the burning funeral pyre and tie him to it. Melisandre walks to the front of the pyre.

MELISANDRE: Man or woman, young or old, lord or peasant, our choices are the same. We choose light, or we choose darkness. We choose good, or we choose evil. We choose the true god or the false.

She picks up a torch.

MELISANDRE: Free folk, there is only one true king, and his name is Stannis. Here stands the king of lies. Behold the fate of those who choose the darkness.

She lights the pyre. Mance starts panicking as the fire reaches his legs. Jon Snow walks up to a high point and shoots Mance in the heart with an arrow, killing him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS - SEA
Arya approaches the coast in the boat she boarded in the Season 4 finale. The Titan of Braavos looms over the ship.

BRAAVOSI MAN: In the old times, whenever Braavos stood in danger, the titan would step with fire in his eyes. He'd wade into the sea and smash the enemies.

ARYA: He's just a statue.

A horn blows as they approach the statue. Arya clutches her chest and the man laughs.

MAN: Don't be afraid. Hes announcing our arrival.

ARYA: I'm not afraid.

Boat goes under statue
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS - RAGMAN HARBOR

Arya and the man are in a row boat. The man rows them to shore as they pass various street merchants. The man rows past them and The House of Black and White comes into view.

MAN: The House of Black and White: this is where you'll find the man you seek.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS - THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

They arrive at The House of Black and White

MAN: Here, I leave you.


He helps Arya get off the boat and onto the dock.

ARYA: Thank you for bringing me.

MAN: Any man of Braavos would have done the same. Valar morghulis.

ARYA: Valar dohaeris.

Arya knocks on the door, twice; the door opens while knocking the second time. An old man enters

ARYA: Hello. Valar Morghulis.

The old man continues to stare; Arya takes out the coin.

ARYA: Jaqen Hghar gave me this.

OLD MAN: No one here by that name.

The old man is about to close the door before Arya interrupts.

ARYA: Please. I crossed the Narrow Sea. I have nowhere else to go.

OLD MAN: You have everywhere else to go.

ARYA: But wait!

The Old Man shuts the door abruptly; Arya turns around and sits on the top step
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE - NIGHT

ARYA: Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant.Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant.

Arya repeats the four names until the break of dawn as rain pours outside.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE - DAY

ARYA: ...The Mountain, Meryn Trant.

Arya gets up and throws the coin into the sea
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. THE VALE - INN

Brienne rides into the stable outside the inn on horseback, with Podrick walking next to her.

PODRICK: Must be good food if its crowded.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. THE VALE - INN

Podrick and Brienne are seated at a table. A waitress approaches.

WAITRESS: Ale? (pours ale and leaves table; goes to another table) Ale?

Cut to another table in the inn: Sansa and Littlefinger's

SANSA: Before we left, a maester gave you a raven scroll.

BAELISH: You are becoming an observant young lady.

SANSA: My mother used to say, "dark wings, dark words".

BAELISH: An old saying. Inaccurate in this case.

SANSA: So it was good news.?

BAELISH: My marriage proposal has been accepted.

SANSA: I thought you still mourn the death of my beloved Aunt Lysa.

WAITRESS: Ale?

SANSA: I'll have some.

Back to Podrick and Brienne

PODRICK: My lady!

BRIENNE: What is it?

PODRICK: Sansa Stark. (Brienne begins to turn around) Don't look!

BRIENNE: You sure?

PODRICK: She's dyed her hair, but it's her. She's sitting with Petyr Baelish.

BRIENNE: Littlefinger?

PODRICK: A bunch of knights with him.

BRIENNE Bunch? What's a bunch? 100? 6? 20?

PODRICK: 10, I think. Too many. My lady, I don't think this is the right--

BRIENNE: Ready the horses.

PODRICK: We only have one horse.

BRIENNE: Find more.

Podrick gets up and leaves

BAELISH: Do you like the taste?

SANSA: I don't see what all the fuss is about. Why do men love it so much?

BAELISH: It gives some men courage.

SANSA: Does it give you courage?

Brienne shows up and Baelish's knights get in her way

GUARD: That's far enough.

BRIENNE: Lord Baelish, Lady Sansa, my name is Brienne of Tarth.

BAELISH: We've met. With Renly Baratheon. What did he say about you? He said, "You're a loyalty comes free of charge." Someone appears to have paid quite a bit for it since then.

Baelish gestures to the knights to welcome her; Brienne goes through and takes a knee in front of Sansa

BRIENNE: Lady Sansa, before your mother's death, I was her sworn sword. I gave my word I would find you and protect you. I will shield your back and keep your council, and give my life for yours if need be. I swear it by the old gods and the new.

BAELISH: Please, Lady Brienne. No need for such formality. (Brienne gets up) You are Catelyn Stark's sworn sword?

BRIENNE: I was.

BAELISH: Strange. I knew Cat from the time we were children. She never mentioned you.

BRIENNE: It was after Renly's murder.

BAELISH: Ah, yes. You were accused of killing him.

BRIENNE: I tried to save him.

BAELISH: But you were accused.

BRIENNE: By men who didn't see what happened.

BAELISH: Then what did happen?

BRIENNE: He was murdered by a shadow. A shadow with a face of Stannis Baratheon.

BAELISH: A shadow? With a face? (scoffs) This woman swore to protect Renly; she failed. She swore to protect your mother; she failed. Why would I want somebody with your history of failure guiding Lady Sansa?

BRIENNE: Why should you have any say in her affairs?

BAELISH: Because I am her uncle. I married her Aunt Lysa shortly before my beloveds untimely death. We're family now, and you're an outsider. Forgive me, Lady Brienne, but experiences made me wary of outsiders.

BRIENNE: Lady Sansa, if we can have a word alone--

SANSA: No.

BRIENNE: Please, my lady. If I could explain--

SANSA: I saw you at Joffrey's wedding bowing to the king.

BRIENNE: Neither of us wanted to be there. Sometimes we don't have a choice.

SANSA: And sometimes we do. You should leave.

BAELISH: We don't want our new friend wandering the countryside alone. The roads of these parts aren't safe. Why don't you stay?

Brienne walks away

KNIGHT 1: He asked you to stay.

Brienne elbows him in the face after Knight 1 and Knight 2 attempt to get in her way. Brienne rushes out of the inn to the stables. She frees some horses then rides away with Podrick.

GUARD: After her!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. VALE - WOODS

The knights chase after Brienne and Podrick. Podrick and Brienne separate.

BRIENNE: Podrick! (Podrick screams as he loses control of the horse)

Podrick gets away from the knights and stops at a river

PODRICK: Stop, stop, stop! (Horse stops) Thats a good boy.

Podrick turnsthe horse around and he loses control again, only this time he falls off the horse. He tries to run after it, but stops.

Enter knight, who sees Podrick. Podrick sees him and throws a rock at him and misses.

KNIGHT: I guess that means youre unarmed.

Knight pulls out his sword and races towards Podrick.

BRIENNE: Down, Podrick, down!

Podrick gets down. Brienne slices the knight off his horse before he can get to Podrick. Another knight on a horse rushes towards her, and she stabs him in the neck.

BRIENNE: Podrick?

PODRICK: Yes, my lady?

BRIENNE: You can stand now.

PODRICK: Yes, my lady. (stands) Sansa Stark?

BRIENNE: Wary of strangers, as she should me. I saw her riding on the East Trail with Littlefinger. Well follow them.

PODRICK: My lady, if those Stark girls refused your service, maybe youre released from your vow.

BRIENNE: I swore to their mother Id protect those girls.

PODRICK: If they dont want your protection--

BRIENNE: Do you think shes safe from Littlefinger?

PODRICK: (pause) No, my lady.

BRIENNE: Get your horse.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. KING'S LANDING - CERSEI'S ROOM

JAIME: A summons from the queen.

Cersei looks farefully at a box on her desk. Jaime opens it, and a viper with a necklace in its mouth comes out. Jaime inspects the necklace; it has the Lannister lion on it.

CERSEI: There are only two like it in the world: the one Im wearing and the one I gave to Myrcella.

JAIME: Its a threat.

CERSEI: Of course its a threat! Our daughters in Dorne surrounded by people who hate our family. (mocking) "It's a threat."

JAIME: No note.

CERSEI: They blame us for the death of Oberyn and his sister, and every other tragedy thats befallen their cursed country. I will burn their cities to the ground if they touch her!

JAIME: Softer.

CERSEI: What?

JAIME: Not so loud.

CERSEI: Our daughters in danger, and youre worried Im speaking too loudly!

JAIME: The world can't know knows shes our daughter.

CERSEI: Then dont call her your daughter. Youve never been a father to her.

JAIME: If I was the father to any of my children, theyd be stoned in the streets.

CERSEI: And what has your caution brought? Our eldest child murdered at his own wedding. Our only daughter shipped off to Dorne. Our baby boy sent to marry that smirking whore from Highgarden.

JAIME: Ill make things better.

CERSEI: You never made anything better.

JAIME: Im going to Dorne. Ill bring our daughter home.

CERSEI: You cant just ask Prince Doran to give her back! Shes promised his son.

JAIME: Im not going to ask him anything.

CERSEI: You go there with an army, its an act of war.

JAIME: No army. Do you know where theyre keeping her?

CERSEI: Oberyn mentioned the Water Gardens.

JAIME: Ill find her. Is there anything else, your grace?

CERSEI: (scoffs) Youre going to Dorne? A one-handed man? Alone?

JAIME: I never said I was going alone. (exit Jaime)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. THE CROWNLANDS - SHORE

Bronn is skipping stones.

LOLLYS STOKEWORTH: No sunflowers. I don't like yellow. Roses are very nice, definitely roses. And music. I adore music. But no flutes, I hate flutes! We can have a harp if you like, but no flutes. Then there's the food. Food is the most important thing, don't you agree? We're going to need pigeon pies. That's what they eat in the capital, don't they?

Bronn has been skipping stones and ignoring her.

LOLLYS: Don't they?

BRONN: Don't who?

LOLLYS: People eat pigeon pie in the capital.

Bronn puts his arm around her.

BRONN: They certainly do, my dear. They certainly do.

Pan up to Castle Stokeworth.

BRONN: It's a fine place, isn't it? A fine place. I never thought I'd end up settling down in a place like this.

LOLLYS: You won't.

BRONN: Pardon?

LOLLYS: We won't get to live at Stokeworth. When Mother dies, my sister gets the castle because she's older.

BRONN: Oh.

LOLLYS: She hates me. She calls me mean names, and sometimes even still she pulls my hair when Mother isn't looking.

BRONN: You know what I think? I think you're a good person. And your sister is a mean person.

LOLLYS: She is.

BRONN: I've been all over the world. And if there's one thing I've learned, it's that meanness comes around. People like your sister, they always get what's coming to them eventually. One way or another.

They stop walking. Bronn looks at someone in the distance.

LOLLYS: Who's that?

Jaime is sitting on a stone wall, waiting for Bronn.

BRONN: Jaime fucking Lannister.

Bronn leaves Lollys and starts walking towards Jaime.

BRONN: Ser Jaime.

JAIME: Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.

BRONN: I was very sorry to hear about your father.

JAIME: Thank you.

BRONN (gestures to Lollys): This is my betrothed, Lollys.

JAIME: A pleasure. (he kisses her hand)

BRONN: Run along, love.

Lollys starts walking back to the Castle.

JAIME: Beautiful bride you've chosen. When were you planning on getting married?

BRONN: Just get on with it.

JAIME: On with what?

BRONN: What you're here for. There's no way this little visit could possibly mean anything good for me.

JAIME: It's very good for you.

Jaime goes into his coat and pulls out a scroll. He hands it to Bronn.

BRONN: Lollys will be marrying Ser Wyllis Bracken.

JAIME: Mmm.

BRONN: We made a deal, your sister and I.

JAIME: I would have advised against that.

BRONN: How is this good for me?

JAIME: 'Cause you're going to come with me and help me with something important. And when we return, I'm going to give you a much better girl, and a much better castle.

BRONN: Return from where?

JAIME: As far south as south goes.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. DORNE - WATER GARDENS

Ellaria coils her first in rage. A bracelet with a viper's mouth coils around her hand. The camera pans up to reveal she is still in mourning clothes.

TRYSTANE (O.S.): My future queen.

Ellaria glowers from the balcony at Trystane Martell escorting Myrcella through the Water Gardens. Trystane looks up and sees her. Ellaria walks towards Doran's place on the balcony and is blocked by Areo Hotah.

AREO: The prince does not wish to be disturbed.

ELLARIA: Remove myself from my path, or I'll take that long axe and shove it--

DORAN: Captain. Let her pass.

Areo reluctantly steps to the side. Ellaria approaches Prince Doran, staring at the Water Gardens from his wheelchair.

ELLARIA: Your brother was murdered, and you sit here at the Water Gardens, staring at the sky and doing nothing.

DORAN: Oberyn was slain during a trial by combat. By law, that is not murder.

ELLARIA: Your brother--

DORAN: You don't have to remind me. He was my brother long before he was anything to you.

ELLARIA: What will you do about his death.

DORAN: I will bury him. I will mourn for him.

ELLARIA: You would have me go to war?

DORAN: You would have me go to war?

ELLARIA: The whole country would have you go to war.

DORAN: Then we are lucky the whole country does not decide.

ELLARIA: The Sand Snakes are with me. They have the love of their people. They will avenge your father while you sit here in your chair doing nothing.

Doran says nothing. Cut back to Trystane and Myrcella in the Water Gardens.

ELLARIA: Oberyn is dead. And this Lannister girl skips about the Water Gardens eating our food, breathing our air. How many of your brothers and sisters do they have to kill?

Let me have her. Let me send her to Cersei one finger at a time.

DORAN: I loved my brother. And you made him very happy. For that you will always have a place in my heart. But we do not mutilate little girls for vengeance. Not here. Not while I rule.

ELLARIA: And how long will that be?

Ellaria exits the room. Areo goes back to guarding the door. Doran shakes his head.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MEEREEN - STREET

The Unsullied march through the street.

DAARIO (O.S.): The Unsullied are too conspicuous.

Daario and Grey Worm are walking through an alley together.

DAARIO: Anyone can see you coming from a mile off. Of course you haven't found any Sons of the Harpy. You haven't, have you?

Grey Worm grunts a "no".

DAARIO: My Second Sons, on the other hand, they drink, they whore, fight in the streets--they blend in. They overhear things in taverns, follow people from the taverns to nice, quiet alleys, break a few fingers, overhear a few more things. Before you know it...

Daario has brought them to a door. Grey Worm knocks it in and rushes the room. He, Daario, and an Unsullied inspect the room quietly.

GREY WORM: No one here. We go.

DAARIO: In a hurry? You're afraid?

GREY WORM: Unsullied fear nothing.

DAARIO: Right. That's your problem. You understood fear once, long ago, but you've forgotten what it means. Someone who's forgotten fear has forgotten how to hide.

Daario quickly pulls a dagger out, and stabs into a wall covered by a bookcase that immediately gives way. A man screams and falls out of the wall.

DAARIO: Fear is useful that way.

He pats Grey Worm on the shoulder. The Unsullied soldier grabs the man. Grey Worm searches the hiding place and finds daggers laying on the ground with a Sons of the Harpy mask.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN - PYRAMID

MOSSADOR: Sons of the Harpy, they want to put a collar back on my neck. On all of our necks. Please, Your Grace, you must kill him.

DAENERYS: It would send a message.

BARRISTAN: I think you should exercise restraint, Your Grace.

DAENERYS: Why?

BARRISTAN: For one thing, he may have valuable information.

DAARIO: The Son of the Harpy has no more valuable information.

BARRISTAN: How do you know that?

DAARIO: Because I questioned him.

HIZDAHR: And the information you did get, he is young and poor.

MOSSADOR: He is born free.

HIZDAHR: Why should he want to bring back slavery? What did it do for him?

DAENERYS: Perhaps the only thing that gave him pride was knowing that there was someone lower than he was.

MOSSADOR: They pay him. Great families afraid to do a thing. They pay poor man to do it for them.

HIZDAHR: And how do you know this?

MOSSADOR: Everyone knows this.

HIZDAHR: I don't know it, and I'm the head of a great family.

BARRISTAN: We do not know what this man did or didn't do. (to Daenerys) Give him a trial, at least. A fair trial. Show all of the citizens of Meereen that you are better than those who would depose. Teach them a better way.

MOSSADOR: I do not know the place from where Old Ser comes. Things maybe are different there, I hope. But here, in Meereen, before Daenerys Stormborn, they own us. So we learn much about them or we do not live long. They teach me what they are. Mercy, fair trial: these mean nothing to them. All they understand is blood!

They all look to Daenerys.

DAENERYS: Thank you all for your counsel.

Everyone gets up from the table and exits the room besides Ser Barristan.

BARRISTAN: Your Grace, a word, please, I beg you.

DAENERYS: About what?

BARRISTAN: About your father. About the Mad King.

DAENERYS: The Mad King? You're here to remind me of my enemies' lies? Consider me reminded.

BARRISTAN: Your Grace, I served in his Kingsguard. I was at his side from the first. Your enemies did not lie.

DAENERYS: Go on.

BARRISTAN: When the people rose in revolt against him, your father set their towns and castles aflame. He murdered sons in front of their fathers. He burned men alive with Wildfire, and laughed as they screamed. And his efforts to stamp out dissent led to rebellion that killed every Targaryen except two.

DAENERYS: I'm not my father.

BARRISTAN: No, Your Grace. Thank the gods. But the Mad King gave his enemies the justice he thought they deserved. And each time it made him feel powerful and right. Until the very end.

DAENERYS: I will not have the Son of the Harpy executed without a fair trial.

BARRISTAN (nods): Your Grace.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. PENTOS - COUNTRYSIDE - CARRIAGE

TYRION: There's a bug.

VARYS: Yes, best be careful. You might accidentally consume some solid food.

TYRION: When I agreed to come with you, did I misrepresent my intentions? (finishes his cup of wine) Besides, what is there for me to do inside this fucking box?

VARYS: You don't like it?

TYRION: I want to take a walk.

VARYS: You can't. Cersei has offered a lordship to the man who brings her your head.

TYRION: She ought to offer her cunt. Best part of her for the best part of me. Well, I suppose a box is as good a place for me as anywhere.

VARYS: Are we really going to spend the entire road to Volantis talking about the futility of everything?

TYRION: You're right. No point. (realizing) The road to Volantis? You said we were going to Meereen. What's in Volantis?

VARYS: The road to Meereen.

TYRION: And what do you hope to find at the end of the road to Meereen?

VARYS: I told you. A ruler.

TYRION: We've already got a ruler. Everywhere has already got a ruler. Every pile of shit on the side of every road has someone's banner hanging from it.

VARYS: You were quite good, you know. At ruling. During your brief tenure as Hand.

TYRION: I didn't rule. I was a servant.

VARYS: Still, a man of talent.

TYRION: Managed to kill a lot of people.

VARYS: Yes, but showed great promise in other areas as well.

TYRION: She wanted me to leave King's Landing. She begged me. I wouldn't go.

VARYS: Why?

TYRION: 'Cause I liked it. Power. Even as a servant. (takes a drink of wine)

VARYS: People follow leaders. And they will never follow us. They find us repulsive.

TYRION: I find us repulsive.

VARYS: And we find them repulsive, which is why we surround ourselves with large, comfortable boxes to keep them away. And yet, no matter what we do, people like you and me are never really satisfied inside the box. Not for long.

TYRION: You're right. Let's go for a walk.

VARYS: No.

TYRION: How many dwarves are there in the world? Is Cersei going to kill them all?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. KING'S LANDING - QYBURN'S ROOM

A dwarf head is placed on her desk.

CERSEI: Not him.

MERYN: Are you trying to deceive your Queen? Shall I throw them in a cell, Your Grace?

CERSEI: That won't be necessary, Ser Meryn. I don't want to dissuade the other hunters. Mistakes will be made.

HUNTERS: Thank you, Your Grace. Thank you.

CERSEI: Take the head.

QYBURN: Pardon me, Your Grace. I would take it, if you don't mind. It could prove useful for my work.

CERSEI: Very good.

She and Qyburn exit the room.

QYBURN: Over there will be fine.

MERYN (to hunters): You heard the man. Over there.

The hunters pick up the dwarf head.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. KING'S LANDING - RED KEEP

Cersei and Qyburn enter the room, taking the open seats on the small council. Cersei sits at the head of the table.

KEVAN: You're the Hand of the King?

CERSEI: No, Uncle. Clearly it would not be appropriate for a woman to assume that role. I'm merely advising my son until he comes of age and chooses a Hand for himself.

MACE TYRELL: Your Grace, I would be willing to serve provisionally as the King's Hand until he becomes old enough--

CERSEI: You're a good man, Lord Tyrell, but I don't imagine you'll have the time. In addition to being Master of Ships, the king has appointed you Master of Coin.

MACE: Oh, Your Grace.

CERSEI: He called your experience and wisdom in financial matters unparalleled. He said he would be honored to have you represent the crown's interests in the same.

MACE: The honor is all mine, Your Grace.

PYCELLE: Your Grace, in the past on several occasions, a Grand Maester has served as the King's Hand.

CERSEI: The King has named Qyburn the new Master of Whisperers.

PYCELLE: Your Grace, him? This man? This embarrassment to the Citadel? Your Grace, what qualifications can he possibly have for this post?

CERSEI: The qualification of loyalty, Grand Maester. That's far more than the eunuch ever had. Far more than many ever have.

PYCELLE: I must say I cannot see--

CERSEI (cutting him off): Uncle Kevan, in light of your position as commander of the Lannister armies, it would please the king if you would serve as his Master of War. No man living better deserves the title.

KEVAN: That is kind of you to say. I would like to hear it from the king himself.

CERSEI: The king is very busy at this moment.

KEVAN: He should be here, learning what it means to rule.

CERSEI: He is learning. On this occasion, in his capacity as ruler, he's asked me to speak on his behalf.

KEVAN: I returned to the capital to pay my respects to my brother. And to you. And to serve the king. I did not return to the capital to serve as your puppet. To watch you stack the small council with sycophants. (looks to Qyburn) Sending your own brother away so he wouldn't be--

CERSEI: My brother has left the capital to lead a sensitive diplomatic mission.

KEVAN: What mission?

CERSEI: That is not your concern as Master of War.

KEVAN: I do not recognize your authority to dictate what is and is not my concern. You are the Queen Mother. Nothing more.

Kevan gets up from his seat.

CERSEI: You would abandon your king in his time of need?

KEVAN: If he wants to send for me, I will be waiting for him. At Casterly Rock.

He exits the room and closes the door.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - LIBRARY

Shireen runs her finger over the letter "S" in her book.

SHIREEN: Come on. You know this one. It looks like an animal.

GILLY: Snake. Snake... S! It's an S!

SHIREEN: Right, very good!

Sam is reading in a different aisle in the library.

SAM: Hmm! Did you know that the youngest Lord Commander in history, Osric Stark, was elected at the age of 10?

Gilly and Shireen look to him and then back at their book.

GILLY: I know "S".

SHIREEN: You'll learn, I promise. I taught Ser Davos, and old people are terrible at learning new things.

GILLY: Well, you're a wonderful teacher. (to Sam) Very patient!

SAM: I only said that the more time you spend practicing, the faster you'll be able to read.

GILLY: That's alright. We're doing just fine. I'm sure you and Ostrich Stark have a lot to talk about.

Sam goes back to his book.

GILLY (to Shireen): How old were you when you learned to read?

SHIREEN: Three.

SAM (interjecting): Three?! Who taught you, your mother?

SHIREEN: No. Old Maester Cressen did. I had a lot of time to practice. My mother kept me inside because... (trails off)

GILLY (gently): What do you call it in the South, what happened to your face?

SHIREEN: Greyscale. What do you call it north of the Wall?

GILLY: I don't know. But two of my sisters had it. They both died. How did they cure you?

SHIREEN: I don't remember. I was a baby. Lots of people came and tried, I think. Whatever they did, it went away. What happened to your sisters?

GILLY: My father made them move out of the keep into the huts outside. None of us were allowed to go near them. But we heard them. Especially at night. They started to sound... not like themselves.

SAM: Did you ever see them?

GILLY: Only once at the end. They were covered with it. Their faces, their arms. They acted like animals. My father had to drag them out to the woods on a rope.

SHIREEN: What did he do to them in the woods?

Gilly is afraid to answer. Selyse enters the room before she can.

SHIREEN: Mother.

SELYSE (to Sam and Gilly): Leave us.

SAM (nodding): Your Grace.

Sam and Gilly exit the room.

SELYSE: You need to stay away from that girl.

SHIREEN: Why?

SELYSE: She's a wildling.

SHIREEN: Her name's Gilly. She's nice. I'm teaching her to read.

SELYSE: She's a wildling. Your father defeated their people. He executed her king for treason. They could strike at him by striking at you.

SHIREEN: Gilly wouldn't do that.

SELYSE: You have no idea what people will do. All your books and you still don't know.

Selyse exits the library.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - STANNIS'S ROOM

STANNIS: I ordered Mance Rayder burnt at the stake. You prevented that order from being carried out. You showed mercy to Mance Rayder. A king's word is law. Perhaps you should ask Ser Davos how much mercy I show to lawbreakers. Show too much kindness, people won't fear you. If people don't fear you, they don't follow you.

JON: With respect, Your Grace, the free folk will never follow you, no matter what you do. You're the man who burned their king alive.

STANNIS: Who then? You?

JON: No. Only one of their own.

STANNIS: Do you know this wretched girl Lyanna Mormont?

JON: The Lord Commander's niece.

STANNIS: Lady of Bear Island, and a child of 10. I asked her to commit her house to my cause, that's her response.

JON: "Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North, whose name is Stark." (Jon smiles)

STANNIS: That amuses you?

JON: I apologize, Your Grace. Northerners can be a bit like the free folk. Loyal to their own.

STANNIS: I know. My brother Robert went on often and loudly about how difficult it was to control them - even with your father's help.

DAVOS: Tonight, the Night's Watch elect a new Lord Commander. Ser Alliser Thorne is going to win.

JON: Most likely.

DAVOS: Unpleasant man. He thinks you're a traitor. What's your life going to be like on the Wall with Thorne in command?

JON: Unpleasant, I expect.

STANNIS: Your bravery made him look weak. He'll punish you for it. I don't punish men for bravery. I reward them.

JON: I don't doubt it, Your Grace. But I'm a brother of the Night's Watch. I've pledged them my life, my honor, my sword. I don't know what I have left to give you.

STANNIS: You can give me the North.

JON: I can't. Even if I wanted to, I'm a bastard. A Snow.

STANNIS: Kneel before me. Lay your sword at my feet. Pledge me your service and you'll rise again as Jon Stark, Lord of Winterfell.

Jon stares at Stannis deeply without saying a word.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - DINING HALL

SAM: He'll make you a Stark with the stroke of a pen?

JON: It's the first thing I ever remember wanting. I'd daydream that my father would ask the king, and just like that I would never be the bastard of Winterfell again.

SAM: You deserve this. You do. I couldn't be happier for you.

JON: I'm going to refuse him.

SAM (confused): But you'd be Lord of Winterfell.

JON: I swore a vow to the Night's Watch. If I don't take my own word seriously, what sort of Lord of Winterfell would I be?

Jon walks away from Sam and takes a seat.

ALLISER (O.S.): Crowded. You'd think we were serving venison stew.

Maester Aemon rises slowly from the table at the front.

AEMON: Does anyone wish to speak for candidates before we cast our tokens for the 998th Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?

Janos Slynt stands up.

JANOS: Ser Alliser Thorne is not just a knight, he's a man of true nobility. He was acting commander when the Wall came under attack, and led us to victory against the wildlings.

MEN: Hear, hear.

JANOS: He's a veteran of 100 battles and has been a defender of the Watch and the Wall almost all of his life. He's the only true choice.

Alliser smiles. Men cheer and beat on the tables.

AEMON: Is there anyone else?

SHADOW TOWER BROTHER: Ser Denys Mallister joined the Watch as a boy and has served loyally longer than any other ranger. Through 10 winters he served. As commander of the Shadow Tower, he kept the wildlings away. We could do no better.

Men, including Jon, bang their cups on the table, but the reaction is much weaker.

AEMON: If there's no one else, we will begin the voting. The triangular tokens count for Ser Alliser Thorne. The square tokens for Ser Denys Mallister. Each brother will--

SAM: Maester Aemon.

Every Brother, including Jon, look to Sam at the back of the room in shock.

AEMON: Samwell Tarly. Go on.

Jon shakes his head "no" at Sam.

JANOS (O.S.): Sam the Slayer.

The whole room laughs.

JANOS: Another wildling lover just like his friend Jon Snow. How's your lady love Slayer?

More laughs.

SAM: Her name is Gilly. Brother Slynt knows her quite well. They cowered together in the larder during the battle for the Wall.

The men start laughing at Janos now.

JANOS: Lies!

SAM: A wildling girl, a baby, and Lord Janos. I found him there when the battle was over in a puddle of his own making.

Stronger laughter. Maester Aemon cracks a smile.

SAM: Whilst Lord Janos was hiding with the women and children, Jon Snow was leading.

The men go quiet.

SAM: Ser Alliser fought bravely, it is true. And when he was wounded, it is Jon who saved us. He took charge of the wall's defense. He killed the Magnar of the Thenns. (a man next to Sam nods) He went North to deal with Mance Rayder, knowing it almost certainly meant his own death. Before that, he led the mission to avenge Lord Commander Mormont. Mormont himself chose Jon to be his steward. He saw something in Jon, and now we've all seen it, too. He may be young, but he's the commander we turned to when the night was darkest.

The men give Jon a strong cheer.

ALLISER: I can't argue with any of that. (stands up) But who does Jon Snow want to command? Night's Watch or the wildlings? Everyone knows he loved a wildling girl and spoke with Mance Rayder many times. What would have happened in that tent between those two old friends if Stannis's army hadn't come along? We all saw him put the King-beyond-the-Wall out of his misery. Do you want to choose a man who has fought the wildlings all his life, or a man who makes love to them?

Jon doesn't respond. Maester Aemon rises again.

AEMON: It is time.

Brothers of the Night's Watch walk to the front of the room, placing their tokens into a jar. A brother breaks the jar and counts the tokens. Alliser and Jon have the same amount of tokens.

BROTHER: It appears to be a tie, Maester.

Maester Aemon rises once more, feels each stack of tokens to determine which is which, and casts his own vote for Jon. The men near Alliser look angry. The men grouped around Mallister are content. Everyone else cheers.

BROTHERS: Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon Snow!

Jon rises, sees Alliser glaring at him, and lets out a small smile for the first time since he entered the room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS - STREETS

Arya creeps up on a pigeon in an alleyway and cuts its head off with Needle. She walks down the street with the pigeon in a pouch and Needle dangling from her hip. Three men walk by, see Needle, and approach her.

MAN: You. You!

Arya stops and turns around to face them.

MAN: What have you got there?

Arya doesn't respond.

MAN: I said--

ARYA: Turn around and go. (pulls out Needle) Turn around and go.

Man: That's a nice little sword. Worth 100 pieces, a sword like that. (pulls out his own sword)

ARYA: Nothing's worth anything to dead men.

The man approaches her with his sword, but then sees the Old Man from the House of Black and White walking towards the altercation and backs off.

MEN: Quickly, go, go!

They flee. The man looks at Arya then begins walking away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS - THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

The Old Man leads Arya back to the doorstep.

ARYA: Who are you? Why were they scared of you?

OLD MAN: You lost this.

He tosses Arya her coin, then reaches to his face, pulls it off, and reveals the face of Jaqen H'ghar

ARYA: You said there was no Jaqen H'ghar here.

JAQEN: There isn't. A man is not Jaqen H'ghar.

He begins to head back inside the House of Black and White.

ARYA: Well who are you then?

He turns back around.

JAQEN: No one. And that is who a girl must become.

Jaqen opens the door and waits for Arya. After a moment, she follows him into the House of Black and White. The door closes behind them.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN - PRISON

Mossador is let into the Son of the Harpy's cell. The guards hold him up for Mossador.

HARPY (Valyrian): She doesn't belong here. And no matter how many of your traitors call her "Mhysa", she will never be your mother.

Mossador stares at him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MEEREEN - STREET - DAY

The Harpy is displayed in the street with his mask on, but the eye holes are cut out. A knife is in his stomach and skull, and "Kill the Masters" is written in blood on the wall next to the body.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN - PALACE

DAENERYS: Why?

MOSSADOR (Valyrian): For you, Mhysa. (kneels) You wanted the Harpy dead, but your hands were tied. I set you free, as you did all of us.

DAENERYS: He was our prisoner, awaiting trial. You had no right.

MOSSADOR: He would rather rip your city apart than see slaves lifted from the dirt.

DAENERYS: There are no more slaves. There are no more Masters.

MOSSADOR: Then who lives in the Pyramids? Who wears gold masks and murders your children? (beat) When Grey Worm came to us, I was the first to take up the knife for you. I remember the look on my father's face as I struck down his Master, who had traded his infant son for a dog. My father died in the fighting. If we allow the Sons of the Harpy to return us to chains, he never lived.

DAENERYS: The Harpy's life was not yours to take. Once, the Masters were the law--

MOSADOR: --and now you are the law!

DAENERYS: The law is the law. Take him.

Two Unsullieds carry Mossador out of the room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MEEREEN - DAY

The Unsullied escort Daenerys and her small council. A large crowd surrounds them.

CROWD: Mhysa! Myhsa!

They settle in front of the courthouse, surrounded by both former Masters and former slaves. The Unsullied form a ring around her.

HIZDAHR (to Daario): She should have cut off the traitor's head in the Great Pyramid and been done with it.

DAARIO: Which is what I keep telling her to do to you.

The former slaves continues to yell to their Mhysa while the masters leer at her.

DAENERYS (Valyrian, to crowd): You opened your gates to me because I promised you freedom and justice. One cannot exist without the other.

Mossador is carried into the scene by Unsullied and set before Daenerys on his knees.

CROWD (Valyrian): Brother! Brother!

MOSSADOR (Valyrian): Mhysa, please! Forgive me!

DAENERYS (Valyrian): A citizen of Meereen was awaiting trial and this man murdered him. The punishment is death.

CROWD (Valyrian): Mercy! Mercy!

Mossador looks to Daenerys, pleading. She looks to Daario and nods. He takes out his arakh, walks to Mossador, and puts it to his neck. The crowd starts protesting and the Masters look on uncertainly.

MOSSADOR: Mhysa... (prays in Valyrian)

The crowd begs and pleads for mercy. Daenerys stares out to the crowd, then gives a nod to Daario, who swiftly decapitates Mossador.

CROWD: Mhysa...

The crowd goes silent. Suddenly, they start hissing at Daenerys. The Unsullied brace themselves. A former slave throws a rock at a former Master, and the Unsullied attempt to hold back the fight. Barristan and Grey Worm escort Missandei and Daenerys away from the crowd. The Unsullied cover her with their shields.

Former slaves and masters begin killing each other in the streets. Rocks are thrown at the Unsullied shields in attempts to hit Daenerys.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID

BARRISTAN: I'll stand guard outside your door tonight, Your Grace.

GREY WORM: We all guard tonight.

DAENERYS: Leave me.

Barristan, Daario, Missandei, and Grey Worm leave the room. Daenerys hears a noise coming from outside, and goes out on her balcony to investigate.

When she's out she hears a soft growl, and turns to see Drogon, perched on the top of the pyramid and close to fully grown.

DAENERYS (shocked): Drogon...

He slowly climbs down to her balcony. Daenerys extends her hand. Drogon sniffs it hesitantly, and then takes off into the night, soaring over Meereen.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

CUT TO: BRAAVOS

INT. THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

Water drips down a statue of a woman with her eyes closed. Two more statues are shown, a lion sitting in a throne, and a rams head. Behind a large heart surrounded by gold flames, a glowing fire can be seen. A statue of a knight is shown, then a statue of a kings face. A statue of a contorted tree is covered in a hair-like substance. There is a large pit filled with liquid in the center of the room. Arya can be heard, and then seen, sweeping. The waif carries a bucket past her. Sitting on the edge of the pit, Jaqen whisper to a man. Arya looks up and watches as Jaqen scoops up a cup of liquid from the pit, and hands it to the man. The man looks up at Jaqen, and hesitates before taking it.

MAN: Valar morghulis.

JAQEN: Valar dohaeris.

The man drinks the liquid, and watches as he approaches the statue of the woman with her eyes closed. He kneels down in front of it. Arya puts her broom down and approaches Jaqen.

ARYA: I've been sweeping this floor for days.

JAQEN: Good.

ARYA: I didn't come here to sweep floors.

JAQEN: No? Why come, then?

ARYA: You said that I could be your apprentice. You said you'd teach me how to a Faceless Man.

JAQEN: A man teaches a girl. (Stands up). Valar dohaeris. All men must serve. Faceless men, most of all. (Walks away).

ARYA: I want to serve. (Jaqen stops).

JAQEN: A girl wants to serve herself. Here we serve the Many-Faced God, to serve well. A girl must become no-one.

ARYA: Which one is the Many-Faced God? I see the Stranger. I see the Drowned God. I see the Weirwood Face.

JAQEN: There is only one god. A girl knows his name. And all men know his gift.

Jaqen leaves. Arya looks down at the man who had been kneeling. He is lying on his back, dead. Two men come into the room with a stretcher. They places the mans body on it and begin walking to an open door at the end of the room. The waif walks past Arya.

ARYA: Where are they taking him?

The waif doesnt respond, but continues walking. Arya turns to watch as the door closes behind the men carrying the stretcher.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KINGS LANDING

EXT. STREET

Bells are ringing, and people are cheering and shouting. Many are on the sides of the road, waving as a number of carriages are carried past.

BYSTANDERS: Queen Margaery! Queen Margaery! Queen Margaery!

Inside her carriage, Cersei watches the people on the street, a sullen look on her face. She closes her curtains.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT SEPT

MARGAERY & TOMMEN: I am his/hers, and she/he is mine. From this day, until the end of my days.

Tommen and Margaery share a kiss. Cersei watches them from the crowd, emotionless. The newlyweds turn to the crowd, holding hands. Everyone claps. They smile and laugh. Cersei claps as well, and forces herself to smile.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. TOMMENS CHAMBERS - THAT NIGHT

Tommen breathes heavily as he and Margaery finish having sex. She turns onto her side and smiles.

TOMMEN: Did I hurt you?

MARGAERY: No. You were lovely.

TOMMEN: It all happened so fast.

MARGAERY: Yes. (Chuckles).

TOMMEN: I was scared maybe I hurt you, it sounded

MARGAERY: No, no, no. You're very sweet. The sweetest king who ever lived.

TOMMEN: This is what I want to do all day, every day for the rest of my life.

MARGAERY: Wouldn't that be glorious? (They laugh. Tommen leans in to kiss her). Shouldn't we rest a little while? Just to catch our breath, there's no rush, is there?

TOMMEN: Of course not. Are you hungry? Shall I have them bring you some cake or pomegranate juice?

MARGAERY: No, I'm fine. I just want you all to myself. I want to know everything there is to know about King Tommen First of His Name.

TOMMEN: King Tommen. It still sounds strange to me. Does Queen Margaery sound strange to you?

MARGAERY: So strange Husband.

TOMMEN: Wife. (They laugh). Sometimes it feels odd. I'm the king, I've married the most beautiful woman in the world, (She chuckles), and it's all because my brother died.

MARGAERY: I understand. But it's not your fault, you know that, don't you? You mustn't feel guilty.

TOMMEN: I don't feel guilty. That's what's odd.

Margaery looks at him curiously. He suddenly sits up.

TOMMEN: Do you like to sail?

MARGAERY: (Sits up). I love to sail.

TOMMEN: I do, too.

MARGAERY: I think we're going to be very happy, you and I.

TOMMEN: I do, too.

She kisses him and turns around. She gets up, wrapping a bedsheet around herself as a cover.

MARGAERY: Living in a tower so high, it touches the clouds. Of course my grandmother couldn't wait to go home. The capital is not for everyone, I suppose. Does your mother like it here?

TOMMEN: I don't think so. She told me never to trust anyone in King's Landing.

MARGAERY: It's so wonderful to have her watching over you. A lioness guiding her cub. (Pours them some wine).

TOMMEN: Well, but I'm a man now.

MARGAERY: You are. And the king. (Hands him win). But you'll always be her baby-boy.

TOMMEN: I suppose.

MARGAERY: I adore how she has always been so generous with me, so kind. And the horror she's had to injure. (Sits down and begins to comb her hair). Losing her husband, her eldest child and her father. It's no wonder she's so protective of you. She'll never let you out of her sight.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. CASTLE WALL

Cersei and Tommen walk together, her arm around his. A group of guards walk behind them.

CERSEI: You look very much in love. The first days of marriage are often so blissful. She's certainly very pretty, isn't she? Like a doll, she smiles quite a lot. Do you think she's intelligent? I can't quite tell. Not that it matters.

TOMMEN: Do you ever miss Casterly Rock?

CERSEI: There's nothing for me in Casterly Rock.

TOMMEN: That's where you grew up. (They stop). You always told me that you liked the people there better. You said that King's Landing smelled of horse dung and sour milk.

CERSEI: (Chuckles). Why are we speaking of Casterly Rock?

TOMMEN: The way that you talked about it, I always thought that you missed it. That you... That it was your real home.

CERSEI: This is my real home now. Where my family lives.

TOMMEN: I want you to be happy, mother.

CERSEI: I know that. I know you do, my sweet boy.

TOMMEN: But wouldn't you be happier in Casterly Rock?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. ROOM

Cersei approaches a room with two guards. Inside, Margaery is having tea with some of her friends.

MARGAERY: I said, "Darling, surely 4 times is enough, are you trying to set a new record?" (Laugher). And he said, "Well, what is the record? I'm sure we can break it."

Margaerys friends laugh. As Cersei walks in, they all get up and bow.

MARGAERY: Mother! (Gets up and hugs Cersei). Welcome.

CERSEI: Don't you look lovely. Marriage agrees with you.

MARGAERY: Can we bring you anything to eat or drink? I wish we had some wine for you. It's a bit early in the day for us.

CERSEI: No, no. I, I can't stay. I just wanted to let you know if, there is ever anything I can do for you.

MARGAERY: You are very sweet.

CERSEI: Tommen seems quite taken with his new queen.

MARGAERY: I absolutely adore him. You raised a gallant young man. I'm forever grateful.

CERSEI: Good. Good. I'm glad to hear you're happy.

MARGAERY: Ecstatic. I really am. Exhausted, to be honest, but what can I expect, he is half lion, half stag. (Margaerys friends laugh).

CERSEI: I'll leave you to it then. (Turns to leave).

MARGAERY: Oh, forgive me, I haven't been at Court for long, I get so confused. What's the proper way to address you now? Queen Mother or Dowager Queen?

CERSEI: There's no need for such formalities.

MARGAERY: In any event, judging from the King's enthusiasm, the Queen Mother will be a Queen Grandmother soon.

CERSEI: Wont that be a lovely day.

MARGAERY: Can you imagine the celebrations? They'll ring the bells all day and night.

CERSEI: Remember. Anything you need.

Margaery smiles. Cersei leaves. Margaerys smile fades. It returns when her friends begin laughing, and she turns back around. Cersei walks away with her two guards, still able to hear the laughter.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL

EXT. COURTYARD

A horse whinnies. Bolton bannermen ride to the keep. In the keep, a number of workmen are busy building and repairing things. Some men carry some raven cages through the middle of the courtyard. Theon, carrying a dead bird, walks through for a moment. He then comes across some soldiers lifting up some flayed bodies with rope. He becomes very tense and forces himself to keep walking, head down. A raven picks at a body in a cart.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DINING HALL

Roose and Ramsay sit at a table as Theon cuts some food. Ramsay talks with his face stuffed.

ROOSE: We can't hold the North with terror alone.

RAMSAY: You can't hold the North if you let these lesser lords insult us.

ROOSE: I sent you there to collect taxes, not bodies.

RAMSAY: Lord Cerwyn refused to pay. Said the Warden of the North would always be a Stark, and he'd be damned if he kissed a traitor's boot.

Theon holds the food in front of Ramsay. He takes some of it and puts it on his plate.

ROOSE: He left you no choice.

RAMSAY: I flayed him living, along with his wife and brother. Made his son watch.

ROOSE: And?

RAMSAY: The new Lord Cerwyn paid his taxes.

ROOSE: (After a moment). I have something important to tell you. Stop eating and listen.

Ramsay, who had been heavily engrossed in his eating, stops suddenly and looks up. Theon slowly puts down a plate nearby. Ramsay puts down his silverware and sits back, looking at his father.

ROOSE: We don't have enough men to hold the North if the other Houses rise up against us. Do you understand that?

RAMSAY: Our pact with the Lannisters protects -

ROOSE: I had a pact with Tywin Lannister, and Tywin Lannister is dead. The remaining Lannisters are a thousand miles away dealing with that fact. They've never once in the history of the Seven Kingdoms sent their army this far north. If you think they will for us, you're a fool. We become a great house by entering in alliances with other houses, and parleying those alliances into greater power. The best way to forge a lasting alliance isn't by peeling a man's skin off. The best way is marriage. (Stands up). Now that you're a Bolton by royal decree, it's time you married a suitable bride. And as it happens, I found the perfect girl to solidify our hold in the North.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MOAT CAILIN

EXT. NEARBY HILLS

Sansa, Baelish, and a number of knights ride towards Moat Cailin. The party stops. Baelish leads Sansa on foot to a spot where they can easily overlook the keep. The keep is shown, surrounded by swampy riverlands.

SANSA: That's Moat Cailin.

BAELISH: Yes. A bit shabby, isn't it? You've been here before.

SANSA: On our way down to King's Landing, with my father and Arya and where are you taking me?

BAELISH: Home.

SANSA: The Boltons have Winterfell. (He nods). The marriage proposal, it wasn't for you?

BAELISH: (Shakes his head). No.

SANSA: Roose Bolton murdered my brother. He betrayed my family!

BAELISH: He did.

SANSA: He serves the Lannisters.

BAELISH: For now.

SANSA: I won't go.

BAELISH: Winterfell is your home.

SANSA: Not anymore.

BAELISH: Always. You're a Stark. Dyeing your hair doesn't change that. You're Sansa Stark. The eldest surviving child of Ned and Catelyn Stark. Your place is in the North.

SANSA: I can't marry him. You can't make me. He's a traitor. A murderer.

BAELISH: You're not marrying Roose Bolton. No, you'll be marrying his son and heir, Ramsay. One day he'll be Warden of the North and you will -

SANSA: No!

BAELISH: Sansa -

SANSA: No, you can't make me. I will starve myself. I will die before I have to go there.

BAELISH: (Grabbing her). I won't force you to do anything. Don't you know by now how much I care for you? Say the word and we turn the horses round, but listen to me. Listen. (Quietly). You've been running all your life. Terrible things happened to your family and you weep. You sit alone in a darkened room, mourning their fates. You've been a bystander to tragedy from the day they executed your father. Stop being a bystander, do you hear me? Stop running. There's no justice in the world. Not unless we make it. You loved your family. Avenge them.

He kisses her forehead. He walks back to their horses. After a few moments, she regains her composure and gets on her horse. The party starts moving again. On top of a large hill nearby, Brienne and Podrick watch as the party arrives at the keep.

PODRICK: How do we get through there?

BRIENNE: We don't. We go around. (She turns her horse and begins leaving).

PODRICK: It sets miles out of the way. We'll lose sight of them.

BRIENNE: Doesn't matter. I know where they're going.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. CAMPSITE

Podrick sits scrubbing a boot.

BRIENNE: Aren't you getting a bit old to be a squire? How did you end up squiring for the Imp?

PODRICK: He hates that nickname.

BRIENNE: Well, he's not here to complain about it, is he?

Podrick finishes scrubbing and hands the boot to Brienne. He puts the brush down. Brienne begins putting the boot on.

PODRICK: I squired for a knight name Ser Lorimer during the War of the Five Kings. One night, he had a bit too much to drink. And he was famished, so he borrowed a ham.

BRIENNE: He borrowed it?

PODRICK: He wasn't a thief. He was drunk and hungry and he wasn't thinking. I was drunk too. He gave me half the ham. Next morning, one of the guards saw him passed out, under a wagon, with the ham bone still in his hand. They hanged the man afternoon. They tied the noose for me too, but, Lord Tywin heard my family name was Payne. So he pardoned me, and sent me to King's Landing to squire for his son.

BRIENNE: As punishment. For both of you.

PODRICK: It didn't seem that way. Lord Tyrion was always very good to me.

BRIENNE: (Walks away to get firewood). Yes, all of your lords were very kind to you. All except me. Sorry you have to squire such a nasty person.

PODRICK: I'm not sorry. You're the best fighter I've ever seen. You beat The Hound. I'm proud to be your squire.

BRIENNE: I'm sorry I'm always snapping at you.

PODRICK: If you wouldn't snap at me I wouldn't learn anything.

BRIENNE: You want to be a knight, Pod?

PODRICK: Yes.

BRIENNE: Starting tomorrow, we'll train with the sword twice a day, before we ride in the morning and after we camp for the evening. (Sits down). And I'm going to show you how to ride properly.

PODRICK: Thank you.

BRIENNE: I can't knight you, but I can teach you how to fight.

PODRICK: I suppose that's more important.

Podrick leans over the campfire with some rocks. He strikes them together until he gets a spark, and blows until the fire starts going. He wipes himself off and stands up, walking over to Brienne. He begins taking her armor off.

PODRICK: You weren't a knight, but you were a Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon, weren't you?

BRIENNE: I was.

PODRICK: Lord Tyrion said he was a good man.

BRIENNE: He was.

PODRICK: But how did you end up serving Renly?

BRIENNE: (After a few moments). When I was a girl, my father held a ball. I'm his only living child, so he wants to make a good match for me. He invited dozens of young lords to Tarth. I didn't want to go, but he dragged me to the ballroom. (Pauses). And it was wonderful. None of the boys noticed how mulish and tall I was. The shoved each other, and threatened to duel if they thought it was their turn to dance. And whispered in my ear how they wanted to marry me and take me back to their castles. (Smiles). My father smiled at me and I smiled at him. I'd never been so happy. (Her smile drops). Till I saw a few of the boys sniggering. And then they all started to laugh, they couldn't keep the game going any longer. They were toying with me. Brienne the Beauty, they called me. Great joke. And I realized I was the ugliest girl alive. A great lumbering beast. I tried to run away, but Renly Baratheon took me in his arms. Don't let them see your tears, he told me. Theyre nasty little shits. The nasty little shits aren't worth crying over. He danced with me and none of the other boys could say a word. And he was the king's brother after all.

PODRICK: But wasn't he... Lord Tyrion said he was...

BRIENNE: Yes, Pod, he liked men, I'm not an idiot. He didn't love me, he didn't want me, he danced with me because he was kind and he wouldn't see me hurt. He saved me from being a joke. From that day until his last day. And I couldn't save him in return. Nothing's more hateful than failing to protect the one you love. One day, I will avenge King Renly.

PODRICK: But you said a shadow murdered him. How do you fight a shadow?

BRIENNE: A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon. I know it was Stannis. I know it in my heart. Stannis is a man, not a shadow. And a man can be killed.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK

INT. LORD COMMANDERS ROOM

Olly opens the door for Stannis and Davos. Jon sits at his desk.

STANNIS: Lord Commander.

JON: (Stands up). Your Grace.

STANNIS: (To Olly as he closes the door). I'd like to speak alone.

JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander Mormont's. I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience. One day, he might command.

STANNIS: Very well. (They all sit down). Have you considered my offer?

JON: I have. And I thank you for it. You do me great honor. All my life I wanted to be Jon Stark.

STANNIS: Say the word and you will be.

JON: But I have to refuse you. I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. My place is here.

STANNIS: I'm giving you a chance to avenge your family. To take back the castle where you grew up. To rule the North.

JON: I wish I could fight beside you. Believe me, I do. But I swore a sacred vow at the Godswood. I pledged my life to the Night's Watch.

STANNIS: You're as stubborn as your father. And as honorable.

JON: I can imagine no higher praise.

STANNIS: I didn't mean it as praise. Honor got your father killed. (Stands up). But if your minds made up, I won't try to persuade you.

JON: May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to stay at Castle Black?

STANNIS: Are you bored of us already?

JON: You saved us from Mance Rayder's army. We will never forget that. But it's a question of survival. The Night's Watch can't continue to feed your men and the wildling prisoners indefinitely. Winter is coming.

STANNIS: I know it. We march on Winterfell within the fortnight. Before the snows trap us here.

JON: And the wildlings?

STANNIS: They'd rather burn than fight for me, so be it. I leave their fate to you. You could execute them, that's the safest course. (After a moment). Or you could see if this Tormund fellow is more willing to compromise than Mance ever was. I assume the brothers of the Night's Watch would rather see the wildlings dead.

JON: Most of the brothers, yes. There's little love for the free folk here. (Olly stares at him).

STANNIS: You're the Lord Commander. Your decision.

Stannis begins to leave. Olly opens the door.

STANNIS: You have many enemies in Castle Black. Have you considered sending Alliser Thorne elsewhere? Give him command of Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.

JON: I heard it was best to keep your enemies close.

STANNIS: Whoever said that didn't have many enemies.

Stannis leaves. Davos begins to leave, but turns to Jon as Jon begins to pace.

DAVOS: He sees something in you. (Jon looks up). Might not be apparent from his tone, but it's the truth. He believes in you.

JON: I'm sorry I disappointed him.

Davos walks forward and takes a seat. Olly closes the door again.

DAVOS: The king is a complicated man. But he wants what's right for the Seven Kingdoms.

JON: As long as he's ruling them.

DAVOS: He's the one true king. He has the blood right to that throne.

JON: Ive sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.

DAVOS: Have you now? (Turning to Olly). How does the Night's Watch vow go again? I bet you've got it memorized since you got here.

Olly looks to Jon. Jon looks at him, crosses his arms, and nods.

OLLY: Night gathers and now my watch begins -

DAVOS: Not that bit, the bit at the end.

OLLY: I'm the sword in the darkness, the watcher on the walls, the shield that guards the realm of men. I pledge my life -

DAVOS: Wait, that's enough. The shield that guards the realm of men. That's what you swore to be. Now I'm not a learned man, but the best way of helping the most people might not be sitting in a frozen castle at the edge of the world. It just might mean wading in the muck, getting your boots dirty, and doing what needs to be doing.

JON: And what needs to be done?

DAVOS: As long as the Boltons rule the North, (Stands up), the North will suffer. Just one man's opinion.

Davos nods and turns to leave. Olly opens the door for him. Jon sits at his desk and sighs.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BRAAVOS

INT. ARYAS ROOM

Arya lays on her bed, playing with her coin in her hand. Suddenly, the door opens, and she sits up. The waif enters with a cane, and begins pacing.

ARYA: What do you want?

WAIF: Who are you?

ARYA: What?

WAIF: You, who walk in here with a coin you never earned, whose value you do not respect. (Stops and walks to Arya). Who are you?

ARYA: (After a moment, perks up). No one.

The waif quickly swings her cane at Arya, hitting her arm. Arya, now on her feet, turns to face the waif, holding her arm in pain.

ARYA: Ow! Cunt!

WAIF: A lie, a sad little lie. Who are you?

ARYA: I told you, I'm no - (Gets hit again). Do that again and -

The waif hits her a third time, sending her to the ground.

WAIF: Who are you?

ARYA: You're about to find out.

Arya reaches for her sword. Before she can pick it up, Jaqen appears.

JAQEN: What are you doing?

WAIF: We were only playing. The game of faces.

JAQEN: A girl is not ready.

WAIF: Clearly not.

ARYA: (Stands up). I am ready.

JAQEN: For what? For whatever you want. To be a Faceless Man. To be no one.

The waif turns to her. Jaqen looks at the sword on Aryas bed.

JAQEN: Whose sword is that? It belongs to Arya Stark. Arya Stark's sword, Arya Stark's clothes, Arya Stark's stolen silver. A man wonders how is it that no one came to be surrounded by Arya Stark's things?

The waif, looking smug, leaves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. DOCK

On a dock near the house of Black and White, Arya wraps a rock in her clothes. She is wearing new clothes, similar to the ones the waif wears. She ties them up and drops them into the water, the rock causing them to sink. She picks up her coin purse and throws it in the water. After a moment of examining her original coin in her hand, she throws it in the water as well. She looks at her sword Needle for a moment, and then picks it up. She prepares to throw it in the sea, but finds herself unable to, and begins to sob. She turns and walks over to some nearby rocks, and hides the sword under some of them.

INT. THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

Arya is again sweeping the floor in the main room. She notices the men from the beginning of the episode carrying another dead body into the back room. However, after a moment, she realizes that she didnt hear the door close, and she looks up to find it wide open. Jaqen surprises her by suddenly putting his hand on her shoulder. He nods towards the door, and begins walking over to it. Arya follows him, leaving the broom outside. They go down a fire-lit tunnel. Jaqen opens the door at the end of the tunnel to reveal a chamber. Inside, the waif stands motionless next to a large stone slab. On it is the dead man. Jaqen leaves through the back door. After Jaqen closes the door, the waif begins to remove the dead mans clothes. She looks up at Arya, who walks over and begins to do so as well. The waif inspects his body. She wets a rag and begins cleaning off the man.

ARYA: What do we do with them after we wash them?

The waif only looks up and smiles lightly, making no other response. She goes back to washing him, and Arya wets a rag of her own to help.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL

EXT. COURTYARD

MAN: Open gates!

The gates are opened. Sansa, Baelish, and a number of knights on horseback gallop through. They stop. Theon watches from nearby through some metal bars, trembling. Baelish gets off of his horse. Roose, Ramsay, and Walda watch as Sansa gets off hers. Roose walks forward. Baelish leads Sansa towards him, rubbing her hands.

ROOSE: Lady Sansa, welcome.

After a tense moment, Sansa smiles and curtsies.

SANSA: (Smiles). Lord Bolton.

ROOSE: May I introduce my son, (Stands aside), Ramsay Bolton?

Ramsay smiles and walks forwards, removing his gloves. Sansa smiles at him.

RAMSAY: It's an honor to meet you, my Lady.

He takes her hand and kisses it. Nearby, Myranda and other women watch.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HALLWAY

An old servant woman leads Sansa down a hallway to her chambers. She opens the door.

WOMAN: I'll bring you a bowl of hot water. You must want to wash.

SANSA: Thank you.

WOMAN: Welcome home, Lady Stark. (Quieter) The North remembers.

Sansa watches as the woman leaves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK

INT. DINING HALL

Jon sits at a table, tapping his fingers anxiously. The men in the room talk amongst themselves.

JON: Sam. (Sam looks up. Jon looks at Maester Aemons chair). Maester Aemon?

SAM: He apologizes for not being here. He's not feeling well.

JON: Take good care of him. (To the group). Brothers. As you all know too well, it's long past time to dig a new latrine pit. (Laughter. Jon looks at Alliser). First Builder Yarwyck and I have decided to appoint a latrine captain to oversee this crucial task. (Laughter. After a moment, he continues). Brian. Seems like a good job for a ginger.

Everyone laughs. Some of the men jokingly pat Brian on his back, and Brian laughs as well.

JON: Ser Alliser. (Silence). You have more experience than any other soldier at Castle Black. You proved your valour many times over, while defending the Wall from the wildling attack. I name you First Ranger.

Some of the men shout in approval. Alliser looks up surprised. Edd and Sam look at each other. Janos pats him on the shoulder.

JON: Lord Janos. I'm giving you command of Greyguard.

JANOS: (Scoffs). Greyguard is a ruin.

JON: Yes, the fort is in a sorry state. Restore it as best you can. First Builder Yarwyck can spare ten of his -

JANOS: I was charged with the defense of King's Landing when you were soiling your swaddling clothes. Keep your ruin.

Some of the men begin talking loudly. Olly shifts in his seat.

SAM: Alright, alright! Enough of that.

JON: You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armour, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard.

JANOS: (Stands up, angrily shouts). I will not go meekly off to freeze and die! Give it to one of the fools who cast a stone for you. I will not have it. Do you hear me, boy? I will not have it!

JON: Are you refusing to obey my order?

The men in the room all turn to look at Janos.

JANOS: You can stick your order up your bastard arse.

Some of the men whisper in shock. Janos looks pleased with himself. Alliser turns to Jon smugly.

JON: Take Lord Janos outside.

The men begin to stand up. Janos scoffs.

JON: Olly, bring me my sword.

Olly turns quickly to Jon, then gets up. Janos looks more unsure of himself as more men get up. Alliser turns and looks at Janos disapprovingly. Edd walks over to get Janos. Alliser stands in his way for a moment. Jon looks at the confrontation, worried. Alliser raises his eyebrows for a moment and moves out of the way. Janos looks at him shocked. Edd grabs Janos, and some other men assist in dragging him outside.

JANOS: You cannot do this! Get your hands off me! (Everyone moves outside). Scum, all of you! If the boy thinks he can frighten me, he's mistaken, yes, very mistaken.

Someone puts a chopping block down. Janos is taken up to it.

JANOS: A disgrace! I have friends, important friends in the capital! You'll see!

Jon takes a final sip of his wine, gets up, and goes outside. The watchmen all gather in the courtyard. Olly hands Jon his sword. Jon walks up to where Janos is being held. Stannis watches from afar. Jon unsheathes his sword, and Janos looks up at it.

JON: If you have any last words, my Lord, now is the time.

JANOS: (Trembling). I was wrong. You're the Lord Commander! We all serve you. I'm sorry. Not only for this, for all I've done and said. I was wrong! (Jon brings his sword up). My Lord, please, mercy! Mercy! I'll go! I will! Please. I'm afraid. I've always been afraid.

Janos sobs for a few moments. Jon hesitates, and then brings his sword down, decapitating Janos. He hands his sword to a watchman standing nearby. He looks up and makes eye contact with Stannis.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KINGS LANDING

INT. BROTHEL

The High Septon kneels in the center of a room. Seven prostitutes, dressed as each of the new gods, circle around him. Olyvar stands behind the High Septon, wearing a fake beard and holding a scale. The prostitutes giggle as the High Septon eyes them all.

OLYVAR: You have served us well, my son.

HIGH SEPTON: Thank you, Father.

OLYVAR: Which of the Seven will you worship today?

HIGH SEPTON: The Maiden.

OLYVAR: Where is the Maiden?

HIGH SEPTON: And the Stranger.

OLYVAR: (Leaning forward). Two is extra, you realize?

HIGH SEPTON: Yes, yes.

Olyvar snaps his fingers. He and five of the prostitutes step aside. The two dressed as the Maiden and the Stranger remain and approach the High Septon, who smiles. Suddenly, some men led by Lancel Lannister barge into the room. The High Septon gasps and turns around.

OLYVAR: What are you doing? This establishment belong to Lord Petyr Baelish. You can't -

The men force the High Septon to his feet. One of the men rips off Olyvars fake beard, hits him to the ground, and begins kicking him. The prostitutes run out of the room.

LANCEL: You have profaned our faith. The faith of our fathers and forefathers.

HIGH SEPTON: I am the High Septon of the -

LANCEL: (Grabs his neck). You are a sinner. And you shall be punished.

The men drag the High Septon out of the room. He is forced out into the street naked, and begin walking. He tries to cover his penis with his hands, but one of the men hits him with a stick. People gather on the sides of the street to watch, and begin chanting.

CROWD: Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!

MAN 1: Repent!

CROWD: Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!

MAN 2: Shame on you!

CROWD: Sinner! Sinner!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER

Mace opens the door for the High Septon. He approaches the table. In better light, it is clear that his face is heavily bruised. Mace closes the door and walks over. The High Septon addresses each of the member present.

HIGH SEPTON: (To Cersei) Your Grace, (To Pycelle), Grandmaester, (To Mace) Lord Tyrell, (To Qyburn), uh

QYBURN: It doesn't matter. (Mace sits down).

HIGH SEPTON: As the High Septon of the Faith of the Seven I give voice to the will of the Gods and am their foremost servant in this world. An insult to me is an insult to the Gods. An assault on my person, is an assault on our very religion.

CERSEI: You were assaulted?

HIGH SEPTON: I was, by those fanatics who call themselves sparrows. They humiliated me, they they beat me, they left me naked and bleeding on the cobblestones. I am lucky to be alive.

QYBURN: I heard this all began in Littlefinger's brothel.

MACE: High Septon, this is a rather shocking thing to hear.

HIGH SEPTON: I tend to both the highest born, and the lowliest amongst us. Even prostitutes may earn the mercy of the Mother.

QYBURN: So you were administering to the needs of these devout prostitutes?

PYCELLE: A man's private affairs ought to stay private!

CERSEI: What do you want from us, High Septon?

HIGH SEPTON: Justice! I ask that you protect our Faith by arresting these criminals and throwing them in the black cells. I ask that you execute their leader, this so-called High Sparrow. He's a threat to everything we hold sacred. If he goes unpunished -

CERSEI: And where do I find this man? This High Sparrow?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. STREET

A soldier helps Cersei out of her carriage. She begins walking forward. Ser Meryn stands ahead of her.

MERYN: I don't think this is a good idea, Your Grace.

CERSEI: Nonsense, Ser Meryn. These are deeply religious people. (To a man at the bottom of some stairs). Where can I find the High Sparrow?

The man points up the stairs. They are crowded with people. Cersei and Ser Meryn ascend them.

MAN 1: Seven blessings.

Cersei covers her nose. At the top of the stairs is a large room. She watches as many people eat at tables.

MAN 2: Thank you.

MAN 3: Just a little more...

WOMAN: Thank you ever so for the soup!

In the center of the room, an old man is giving soup to people in line. Cersei approaches him.

CERSEI: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow back here. Where is he?

HIGH SPARROW: High Sparrow? Sounds ridiculous, doesn't it? Like Lord Duckling, or King Turtle. (Laughs). So, it's meant to. We're often stuck with the names our enemies give to us.(Prepares soup for the next person in line). The notion that we are all equal in the eyes of Seven doesn't sit well with some, so they belittle me.

WOMAN 2: Seven blessings to you.

HIGH SPARROW: Seven blessings to you, my dear. It's only a name, quite an easy burden to wear. Far easier than hers. (Prepares soup for the next person in line).

CERSEI: Why no shoes?

HIGH SPARROW: Because I gave them away to someone who needed them more. We all do that. It stops us from forgetting what we really are.

CERSEI: Is that why you came to King's Landing? To remind everyone?

HIGH SPARROW: Everyone? I have a hard enough job reminding myself. Oh, I tell them no one's special. And they think I'm special for telling them so.

CERSEI: (Smiles). Perhaps they're right.

HIGH SPARROW: It would be comforting to believe that, wouldn't it? The Gods sent you here to tempt me? I hope not. I had assumed you'd only come here to arrest me. For that incident with the High Septon.

CERSEI: An unacceptable way to treat the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't you say?

HIGH SPARROW: Hypocrisy is a boil. Lancing a is never pleasant. Although, they could have been more careful with the blade.

CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to me today. He doesn't want me to arrest you, he wants me to execute you.

HIGH SPARROW: I wouldn't presume to know your thoughts on the matter.

CERSEI: (After a moment). My thoughts on the matter align with your own. The High Septon's behaviour was corrosive, as was his attitude. Having a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Faith from the inside. So now he resides in the Red Keep's dungeons instead. (The High Sparrow looks up at her surprised). The Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. If one collapses, so does the other. We must do everything necessary to protect one another.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. QYBURNS LAB

Qyburn pulls a rat out of a cage. He brings it over to a desk and holds a knife above it. The camera switches to his face, and blood splatters onto a protective lens. Cersei enters the room with a letter.

QYBURN: Your Grace.

CERSEI: Send a raven with this message to Littlefinger in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about. (Hands him the letter).

QYBURN: At once, Your Grace. (Walks to his desk).

CERSEI: How's your work coming along?

QYBURN: Very well.

CERSEI: You've made progress?

QYBURN: More than I've expected. Still a way to go, but

CERSEI: Very good. I'll leave you to it then. Make sure Littlefinger is clear on the meaning of the word "immediately".

Cersei leaves the room. Qyburn begins writing something down. Behind him on a table is a large object, covered by a sheet. After a few moments of writing, the object begins violently jerking around, and then stops.

QYBURN: Shh. Easy, friend.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL

COURTYARD

Sansa walks through the busy courtyard. Theon is shoveling dirt nearby. He looks up to see her walking in his direction, and looks away, tense. On a platform above, Ramsay and Baelish stand, watching her.

RAMSAY: She really is lovely. I hope I can make her happy.

BAELISH: I hope so too. I've become quite fond of Lady Sansa during our travels together. Shes suffered enough.

RAMSAY: I'll never hurt her. You have my word.

BAELISH: I've heard very little about you. Which makes you quite a rare thing, as lords go.

RAMSAY: I haven't been a lord very long. I was a bastard.

ROOSE: (Approaching). And you're not anymore. Allow me a moment alone with Lord Baelish.

RAMSAY: Yes, father. And thank you, Lord Baelish. I'm forever in your debt. (Bows).

BAELISH: He seems pleased.

ROOSE: Shouldn't he be?

BAELISH: (They begin walking). I assure you she's still a virgin. Tyrion never consummated the marriage. By the law of the land, she's no man's wife. Inspect her, if you must.

ROOSE: I leave that to the brothel keeper. It's her name I need, not her virtue.

BAELISH: Then I have delivered everything I've promised.

ROOSE: And you prepared for the consequences. When the Lannisters hear I've wed Sansa Stark to Ramsay.

BAELISH: The Lannister name doesn't mean what it once did. Tywin is dead. He kept his house in power through sheer will. Without him, Jaime has one hand and no allies, Tommen is a soft boy, not a king to fear.

ROOSE: The Queen will be enraged.

BAELISH: Queen Margaery adores Sansa. Cersei is Queen Mother, a title whose importance wanes with each passing day.

ROOSE: And yet she still has friends. Men in important places, whom she can ask for favours. (They stop, and Roose holds up a letter). A message for you, from Cersei Lannister. A rider arrived from Eyrie, shortly before dawn. Apparently, she thinks you're still in the Vale.

BAELISH: A message for me, you say. Strange that the seal is broken.

ROOSE: I'm sure you understand my position, Lord Baelish. If you received word in the night from the Queen Mother, it does make me question our new alliance. The Lannisters made you one of the great lords of Westeros. Yet, here you are in the North, undermining them. Why gamble with your position?

BAELISH: Every ambitious move is a gamble. You gambled when you drove a dagger into Robb Stark's heart. It appears that your gamble paid off. You're Warden of the North.

ROOSE: I had Tywin Lannister backing. Who supports me now? You?

BAELISH: The Eyrie is mine. The last time the lords of the Eyrie formed an alliance with the lords of the North, they brought down the greatest dynasty this world has ever known. I'd like to borrow one of your birds. Cersei will expect a reply.

ROOSE: I'd like to read the reply.

Roose walks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VOLANTIS

INT. VARYS AND TYRIONS CARRIAGE

Tyrion repeatedly opens and closes a window.

TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.

VARYS: Volantis is a large city.

TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.

VARYS: The likelihood of you being spotted here increases a hundredfold.

TYRION: Mm, I have to get out of this wheelhouse.

VARYS: I'm not sure how many new ways I can find of saying this.

TYRION: (Walks over to him). I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind. I can't remember the last face I saw that wasn't yours.

VARYS: It's a perfectly good face.

TYRION: I'm losing my mind.

VARYS: If anyone recognizes you, you'll lose more than that.

TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros. (Pulls his hood up). What am I? (Varys shakes his head). One more drunk dwarf.

Tyrion knocks on the front of the carriage. The camera then pans over part of the city. Varys and Tyrion walk through a busy marketplace.

TYRION: Slaves.

VARYS: Yes. The Volantene masters are very organized. (Shot of a man with a fly tattooed onto his cheek). Flies for dung shovelers. (Shot of a man with a hammer tattooed onto his cheek). Hammers for builders. (Shot of a man inspecting women with tears tattooed onto their cheeks). Tears for whores. Lest they forget.

Varys and Tyrion arrive at a clearing in the market and stop. A woman speaks before a large crowd.

PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) Lord cast your light upon us.

CROWD: (Valyrian, in unison) Lord cast your light upon us.

PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) For the night is dark and full of terrors.

VARYS: (Aside) We should keep moving.

Noticing Tyrion is no longer next to him, he frantically looks around.

CROWD: (Valyrian, in unison) For the night is dark and full of terrors.

PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) I was once as you are now.

The woman points to her cheek. Tyrion watches from some nearby steps, and drinks some wine.

PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) Bought and sold, (Varys approaches Tyrion), scourged and branded...

TYRION: The only red priest we had in King's Landing was Thoros of Myr. This one's much better looking.

PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) The Lord of Light hears your voice. He hears the king as he hears the slave; he hears the Stone Men in their misery...

TYRION: Stone men. Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with prayer. You'd have better luck dancing away the plague. (Varys shushes him worriedly).

PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) He has sent you a saviour! From the fire she was reborn to remake the world! The Dragon Queen!

TYRION: We're going to meet the Saviour! You should have told me. Who doesn't want to meet the Saviour?

The priestess slowly turns her head to lock eyes with Tyrion.

TYRION: (Covering his face). Come on. Let's find a brothel.

They return to the marketplace and continue walking. They stop at a large door, which a man is guarding. He rubs Tyrions head.

MAN: (Valyrian) Its good luck to rub a dwarfs head.

TYRION: It's even better luck to suck a dwarf's cock.

Varys rolls his eyes, exasperated. The man stares at him unamused.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BROTHEL

TYRION: See? We blend right in. Just two more travellers, mad with lust.

Elsewhere in the brothel, Jorah sets his cup down. Tyrion and Varys sit down at a table, and a woman comes to bring them wine.

VARYS: Thank you.

Tyrion clinks his glass against Varyss. A prostitute dressed as Daenerys walks through the brothel. Tyrion looks at her.

TYRION: Curious... hair. (She looks at him).

MAN: (Across the room). The mother of dragons!

He gestures for her to come over. She approaches their table.

TYRION: It appears you're not the only Targaryen supporter.

Jorah watches the prostitute, and then looks away.

VARYS: Someone who inspires priests and whores is worth taking seriously.

MAN: What makes you worth that much?

BLONDE PROSTITUTE: Im magic. (They laugh).

MAN: I bet you bloody are.

Jorah listens to this, appearing extremely uncomfortable.

TYRION: Well, (Watches her kiss the man), she's taken.

Tyrion spots another prostitute, with shorter dark hair. He gets up.

VARYS: Where're you going?

TYRION: I need to speak to someone with hair.

Tyrion approaches the black haired prostitute.

TYRION: Hello?

BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Hello.

TYRION: You've got no drink.

BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: You've got no money.

TYRION: Do I look like a man without money? (She looks at him incredulously). Never trust looks. Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the world. (She laughs). But who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh? (Sits down). I always pay my debts, I'm well known for it.

The blonde prostitute and the man giggle. Tyrion glances over at them.

BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: You like her? They all like her. They all want to fuck a queen.

TYRION: Thats because theyve never met a queen.

BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: You're just saying that.

TYRION: You know how to spot a liar. If I could pick any girl here, I would pick you.

BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Why?

TYRION: Because you have a skeptical mind.

BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: (Smiles). Alright, then. I'm warning you. Were gonna have to wash you first.

She takes his hand, but Tyrion doesnt get up.

BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Come on.

TYRION: (After a moment). I'm, I'm sorry, I can't.

BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Of course you can. You're shy.

TYRION: I'm not.

BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Have another drink.

TYRION: Gladly, but this, I can't do. Believe me, no one is more shocked than I am. I hope it passes. What will I do in my spare time? Ill go for a piss, thats a start.

She looks confused. Tyrion walks away. Varys, noticing that Tyrion is no longer in his view, gets up worriedly.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT./EXT. WINDOW

Tyrion pisses out of a window, and sips his wine. He throws the cup out into the water below. He notices that someone is behind him.

TYRION: No need to worry, I was just - (Turns to see its not Varys, but Jorah). Oh, I thought you were someone else. Shows almost over. I'm sure the girls inside will be happy to oblige.

Jorah looks behind him. As Tyrion pulls up his pants, Jorah puts a rope around him and begins tying it.

TYRION: You made some kind of mistake. Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing and -

Jorah puts a rag over Tyrions mouth.

JORAH: I'm taking you to the Queen.

Tyrions eyes widen. Jorah picks him up and leaves.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

EXT. BEACH

A man hops out of his boat at night, and grabs a basket of fish. As he carries it on shore, Jorah knocks him out with a punch to the face. Looking around, he drags the man out of the water, and throws two coins on him. Jorah walks over to where he has Tyrion tied up. Tyrion is grunting, trying to cut the ropes binding him with a knife. Jorah picks up the knife and Tyrion. He throws Tyrion and his supplies into the boat, and then pushes it out to sea. Once it gains momentum, he hops in himself.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: EXT. BOAT

A number of men walk around doing various tasks on deck. Jaime Lannister looks out from the side of the boat. He turns to the captain.

JAIME: Is that Estermont?

CAPTAIN: Tarth, Ser Jaime. (Shot of an island). The Sapphire Isle.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BELOW DECK

A knife hits a sandbag.

BRONN: Why are we on a merchant ship? Why no Lannister sails?

JAIME: This ship's sailing to Oldtown. We'll get off earlier, not far from Sunspear. Row ourselves to the Dornish shores in the night.

BRONN: You ever been to Dorne?

JAIME: No.

BRONN: I have. The Dornish are crazy. All they want to do is fight and fuck. Fuck and fight.

JAIME: You should be happy to go back. (Drinks some water).

BRONN: (Gets up, walking to his knife). There's nothing like a good fight to get you in the mood for fucking. (Pulls out his knife from the sandbag). And there's nothing like a fuck-mad Dornish girl to clear your head for the next fight. It's how the two work together. And we're gonna do a lot of fighting, I am sure. Well, I am. But I don't imagine we'll get to stick around for the rest. Not after we've kidnapped their princess.

JAIME: We are not kidnapping their princess. We are rescuing my niece, bringing her back to the family,

BRONN: (Incredulously) Your niece?

Jaime and Bronn have a stare-off. After a moment, Jaime looks away. Bronn drinks some water.

BRONN: I've been doing this sort of thing a long time. I'm good at it. (Sits down).

JAIME: That's why you're here.

BRONN: I know. Why are you here? Why not send 40 of me, or an army? Unlike most folks, you actually got one.

JAIME: Because I don't want to start a war.

BRONN: That still doesn't explain why you're doing it.

JAIME: It has to be me.

BRONN: (Gets up starts walking). If I'm putting something of a lit together, a one-handed man, (Grabs some rope and walks back), who happens to be one of the most recognizable faces in Westeros, is not -

JAIME: It has to be me.

BRONN: (Sheaths his sword). You set your brother free, didn't you? I bet your sister didn't like that.

JAIME: (Quietly) Varys set him free.

BRONN: Well, if you ever see the little fucker, (Lays down), give him my regards.

JAIME: He murdered my father. If I ever see him, I'll split him in two. And then I'll give him your regards.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KINGS LANDING

INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER

Cersei sits in her chair, looking angry. At the table is Maester Pycelle, Qyburn, Mace Tyrell, and an empty chair.

MACE: The Iron Bank has called one tenth of the Crown's debts. Given the expense of rebuilding the royal -

CERSEI: How much can the Crown afford?

MACE: With winter coming, half what they ask. Less.

CERSEI: You're the Master of Coin. How do we pay them?

MACE: Well, House Tyrell could front the gold, and the the Crown will pay us back in time, or I'll have words with my daughter.

Mace smiles, as if expecting a laugh. Qyburn and Pycelle both look down. Maces smile fades. Cersei smiles.

CERSEI: You've already given us too much. (Gets up and walks to a window). No, we must arrange better terms with the Iron Bank.

MACE: Absolutely.

CERSEI: In person.

MACE: (After a moment, looks at her surprised). Me? (Qyburn smiles).

CERSEI: We must send an envoy to the Iron Bank, someone of importance, to show these bankers our respect. As the King's Master of Coin, I can think of no one more qualified.

MACE: I will be honored, Your Grace.

CERSEI: The King has expressed concern about his father-in-law's safety on this voyage. (Smiling). He's ordered Ser Meryn to personally lead your escort.

Ser Meryn walks into the room. Mace turns to look at him, and then back at Cersei.

MACE: My very own Kingsguard? Please express -

CERSEI: Safe travels, Lord Tyrell.

MACE: (Raises his hands). Of course, of course, (Gathers his belongings, and then gets up). I'll give your regards to the Titan of Braavos.

Mace laughs. Qyburn looks down, lightly chuckling. Mace exits, followed by Ser Meryn.

PYCELLE: The Small Council grows smaller and smaller.

CERSEI: (Walking out). Not small enough.

Pycelle watches her leave.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HIGH SPARROWS CHAMBER

A note lies on the desk, stamped with the seal of the High Sparrow. The High Sparrow sits behind his desk, across from Cersei. She pours a glass of wine.

CERSEI: May I offer you some wine, Your Holiness?

HIGH SPARROW: No. (Smiles).

Cersei looks unsure, presumably having expected him to say yes. After a moment she smiles and pushes the wine away.

CERSEI: The old High Septon would have asked the vintage. (Smiles).

HIGH SPARROW: I could say that our minds are temples to the Seven and should be kept pure. But the truth is, (Chuckles), I don't like the taste.

CERSEI: Hmm.

HIGH SPARROW: (After a moment). How may I serve?

CERSEI: All over Westeros we hear about septs being burned. Silent sisters raped. Bodies of holy men piled in the streets.

HIGH SPARROW: Wars teach people to obey the sword, not the Gods.

CERSEI: Perhaps the Gods need a sword of their own. (HS raises an eyebrow). In the days before the Targaryens, the Faith Militant dispensed the justice of the Seven.

HIGH SPARROW: Well, the Faith Militant was disarmed more than two centuries ago.

CERSEI: If I explain the holy purpose to my son, the king, I have no doubt he will sign a decree arming the believers you felt worthy.

HIGH SPARROW: An army that defends the bodies and souls of the common people.

CERSEI: An army and service to the Gods themselves. And to you, of course. As the chosen representative of the Seven.

HIGH SPARROW: An honor I never expected. Or indeed, ever wished for.

CERSEI: Which is why you were chosen. (HS smiles). You and I both know how the world works. Too often the wicked are the wealthiest, beyond the reach of justice. The king himself cannot always punish those who deserve it most.

HIGH SPARROW: All sinners are equal before the Gods.

CERSEI: (Smiles. Continues after a moment). What would you say if I told you we have a great sinner in our very midst? Shielded by gold and privilege.

HIGH SPARROW: May the Father judge him justly. (Smiles).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. STREET

A group of Faith Militant, wearing black robes and chains, walk down the street. Many nearby people chatter amongst themselves and look on. They begin breaking open casks of wine, and people begin screaming. One throws some men out of a building. Wine from the broken casks flows down some steps.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. A ROOM

We see a man in pain, sweating heavily and biting down on a piece of cloth. Someone begins carving something on his forehead, and his hand scratches and grabs at the table.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MARKETPLACE

Outside, the Faith Militant destroy a marketplace, smashing things for sale, flipping over tables, and attacking merchants. One merchant, laying on the ground, looks up at some gold cloaks on a castle wall.

MERCHANT: Help me! Help me!

The gold cloaks turn around, ignoring him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. A ROOM

The man in the room continues to sweat and bite down on the cloth. His face trembles. The symbol continues being carved.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BROTHEL

A prostitute moans while having sex with a client. Some Faith Militant walk in and interrupt. She shrieks as one grabs her by the hair and pulls her off of the man. Another comes in grinning and strikes the man with a stick. The prostitute is forced out of the room. Some more men interrupt an orgy. Two women start screaming. They begin beating some of the participants, and taking others out of the room. Olyvar attempts to confront a member of the Faith Militant as the man drags out a prostitute.

OLYVAR: (Angrily). This is Lord Petyr Baelish's establishment.

The man elbows Olyvar in the face and continues on his way. After most of the Faiths Militant are gone, Olyvar hears a scream. He walks towards the source of the scream, blood running from his noise, and hears another scream.

MILITANT: Cocksucker! (Man screams). Boy fucker! You barbaric filth! There's a special place in the Seventh Hell for your kind.

Olyvar stands just outside the doorway of a large room. Inside, a group of militants, most of them armed, stand around a male prostitute and his male client. Both are naked and bloody on the floor.

CLIENT: Please, please, I'll pay! I'll pay all of you.

MILITANT: (Pulls out a knife). Yes, you will! Seize him.

The client begins crying. Olyvar backs out of the doorway and begins running away. The client screams.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. A ROOM

Someone finishes carving the symbol on the mans head. The carver walks away and the man, revealed to be Lancel Lannister, sits up, breathing heavily. The symbol on his forehead is the symbol of the Faith Militant.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. STAIRWELL

A number of Faiths Militant, all armed, walk down a stairwell. They enter a clearing, where Loras Tyrell is sparring with another man. Some people are spectating. The militants, including Lancel, approach the fight. Loras, having knocked the other man to the ground, removes his helmet. He hands his sword to another man, who hands Loras a drink. He suddenly becomes aware of the presence of the militants.

MILITANT: Seize him.

The militants grab Loras.

LORAS: Get your hands off of me.

LANCEL: Ser Loras of House Tyrell, you have broken the laws of Gods and men.

LORAS: Who do you think you are?

LANCEL: Justice. (Loras grunts and struggles).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HALLWAY

Margaery walks down a hallway. She pushes a set of doors open, enters Tommens chambers, and angrily puts her hands on a table. Tommen is eating, and looks up at her, surprised.

MARGAERY: Why is my brother in a cell?

TOMMEN: I, I don't know. I, I didn't order it.

MARGAERY: We both know who did. (Walks away). You told me she was returning to Casterly Rock.

TOMMEN: (Standing up). Are you saying my mother is behind this?

MARGAERY: She's jealous you're not hers anymore. Arresting my brother is her revenge.

TOMMEN: Aren't you and mother getting along?

MARGAERY: (Scoffs). Oh, my sweet, sweet King. (Sits down). Do you have any affection for me at all?

TOMMEN: (Takes her hand). Of course I do. You're my Queen.

MARGAERY: I can't bear to think of my brother locked away in some grimy cell.

TOMMEN: I'll set him free for you.

MARGAERY: Do you promise?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CERSEIS CHAMBERS

Tommen walks into Cerseis chambers. Cersei is staring out of a window and drinking wine.

TOMMEN: I demand that Ser Loras be freed now!

CERSEI: (Turns around). Did I arrest him?

TOMMEN: Well, no... But you armed the Faith Militant. You gave the High Sparrow an army.

CERSEI: I did. And your wife has every right to criticize. (Begins walking towards her desk). Can't allow fanatics to arrest the Queen's brother, no matter his perversions.

TOMMEN: Then can I tell Margaery you'll have Ser Loras released?

CERSEI: I told you I am not holding Ser Loras. You're the King. I'm sure if you speak to the High Sparrow, he'll release the poor boy.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. THE GREAT SEPT

A group of kingsguard lead Tommen to the Great Sept.

KINGSGUARD: Halt!

The party stops. Tommen gets out and goes to the steps of the Sept on foot, followed by guards. A number of people are seen milling about around the base of the steps. Some Faith Militant stand guarding the steps. They block Tommen and his guards from walking up.

MILITANT: His Holiness is praying. He will not be disturbed.

KINGSGUARD: Give the order and we'll tear out this rebel.

TOMMEN: You mean, kill them? Here, in the sept?

KINGSGUARD: You'll be sending them to meet the Gods that they love.

The kingsguard and militants both adjust their stances, ready for a fight. A number of other people begin to watch. Some people begin yelling at Tommen.

MAN 1: Bastard!

MAN 2: You're an abomination!

MAN 3: You're born of sin!

WOMAN: Filthy bastard!

TOMMEN: We'll find another way.

Tommen begins walking away, followed by his guards.

MAN 4: Abomination!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. TOMMENS CHAMBERS

Tommen opens the doors to his chambers, finding it empty.

TOMMEN: My Queen?

Margaery enters from outside.

TOMMEN: There was no way to free Ser Loras without violence.

MARGAERY: You're the King of the Andals, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, the Protector of the Realm. And you let a band of fanatics imprison your brother by law.

TOMMEN: I'm going to speak to the High Sparrow.

MARGAERY: Are you? When?

TOMMEN: I--I don't know.

MARGAERY: You don't know?

TOMMEN: He was praying just now.

MARGAERY: (Walking out). I have to send word to Grandmother.

TOMMEN: Will you come back later? (Margaery stops).

MARGAERY: I need to be with my family, Your Grace. (Continues walking).

TOMMEN: Of course.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE WALL

EXT. CASTLE BLACK

Some Nights Watchmen spar in the courtyard. A number of others look on. Stannis and Selyse watch from some stairs.

SELYSE: You think highly of this boy.

JON: (To some of the men sparring). Good.

STANNIS: Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.

SELYSE: A bastard by some tavern slut.

STANNIS: Perhaps, but that wasn't Ned Stark's way.

SELYSE: I should have given you a son.

STANNIS: Not your fault.

SELYSE: Whose then? (Looks at their daughter Shireen). I gave you nothing but weakness. (Turns back). And deformity. (Stannis shakes his head).

MELISANDRE: (Walking towards them). Those scars mean nothing to the Lord of Light.

SELYSE: My Lady.

MELISANDRE: Her father is the Lord's chosen King. And her father's blood runs through her veins.

Melisandre and Selyse stare at each other. After a moment, Selyse walks away.

MELISANDRE: You march on Winterfell soon?

STANNIS: We must. To beat the snows.

MELISANDRE: Once before you put your faith in Ser Davos and left me behind. I hope you won't make that mistake again.

STANNIS: I won't. I need you.

MELISANDRE: You only need faith, my King.

STANNIS: (Walking away). And you, my Lady, what do you need?

MELISANDRE: To serve my Lord.

Stannis turns back. They both watch Jon sparring.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. JONS CHAMBER

Jon sits at his desk. Sam hands him various letters to sign, one by one.

SAM: Lord Ashford. (Jon signs). Lady Coalfield. (Jon signs). Lord Smallwood.

JON: Never even heard of these people.

SAM: They haven't heard of you either. (Jon signs). But we need men and they have some.

JON: And how many men does this Lord Maison have to send us?

SAM: (Chuckles, looking at the next letter). More than Lord Weebly.

Sams face grows dark after reading the next letter. When Jon finishes signing the letter to Lord Weebly, Sam hands it to him, saying nothing. Jon begins signing, but hesitates.

JON: Not him.

SAM: I know, I'm sorry, but we need men and supplies. And Roose Bolton is the Warden of The North.

JON: He murdered my brother.

SAM: We swore to be the Watchers on the Wall. We can't watch the Wall with 50 men. And we can't get more men without help from the Warden of the North.

Jon hesitates another moment, and then relents and signs the letter. He leans his chair back, and Sam gathers up all of the signed letters. He walks away, almost bumping into Melisandre as she enters Jons chambers.

SAM: Apologies, my Lady.

Sam and Melisandre both look at Jon. Jon nods at Sam, and he leaves. Melisandre closes the door behind him, and Jon straightens up his posture.

MELISANDRE: Lord Commander.

JON: How can I help you?

MELISANDRE: Come with us when we ride south. (Walks forwards). None of us know the castle as well as you do. Its hidden tunnels, its weaknesses, its people. Winterfell was your home once. Don't you want to chase the rats out of it? (Turns to Jon).

JON: Castle Black is my home now. Night's Watch takes no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms.

MELISANDRE: There's only one war. Life against death. Come. Let me show what you're fighting for. (Walks in front of Jon).

JON: You're gonna show me some vision in the fire. Forgive me, my Lady. But I don't trust in visions.

MELISANDRE: No visions. No magic. Just life.

She opens up her robes, naked underneath. She leans back, and takes Jons hand, slowly leading it up her body to cup her breast.

MELISANDRE: Do you feel my heart beating? This power in you, you resist it, and that's your mistake. Embrace it.

Melisandre smiles and looks down at Jons hand. Jon looks too. Realizing that she is no longer holding it there, he quickly pulls it away. Melisandre caresses Jons face and sits on his lap.

MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light made us male and female. Two parts of a greater whole. We are joining this power. Power to make life, power to make light, and power to cast shadows.

JON: I don't think Stannis would like that very much.

MELISANDRE: Then we shouldn't tell him. (Starts unbuttoning Jons coat).

JON: I can't.

MELISANDRE: Why?

JON: I swore a vow. (Melisandre looks at him incredulously). I loved another.

MELISANDRE: The dead don't need lovers. Only the living.

Jon keeps her from unbuttoning his coat any further, breathing heavily.

JON: I know. But I still love her.

Melisandre stands up, closes her robes, and walks away. After opening the door to leave, she turns to Jon.

MELISANDRE: You know nothing, Jon Snow.

Jons mouth opens a bit. She smirks and leaves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. STANNISS ROOM

Stannis sits at his desk, reading something. Theres a knock at the door. After a moment, Shireen enters. Stannis looks up at her and then back down at his reading material. She closes the door. She smiles, but after Stannis doesnt return her smile, she walks over to a nearby dresser and begins playing with the objects on top of it.

STANNIS: Are you lonely?

SHIREEN: (Turns around, holding something). Just bored.

STANNIS: My father used to tell me that boredom indicates a lack of inner resources.

SHIREEN: (Looks up). Were you bored a lot, too?

STANNIS: I know Castle Black is no place for a child, but I -

SHIREEN: I like it. (Walks to a table). I thought I'd be left at home. I know mother didn't want to bring me. (Picks up an X from the table).

STANNIS: Why do you say that?

SHIREEN: She told me, "I don't want to bring you."

Shireen fiddles with the objects in her hands. Stannis looks down.

STANNIS: She shouldn't have said that.

Shireen puts down the objects she was playing with, and turns to leave. Before opening the door, she turns back to Stannis.

SHIREEN: Are you ashamed of me, father?

Stannis looks up surprised. He puts down what he was doing. Shireen looks down.

STANNIS: When you were an infant, (Stands up and walks around his desk), the Dornish trailer landed on Dragonstone. His goods were junk except for one wooden doll. He'd even sewn a dress on it in the colors of our House. No doubt he'd heard of your birth, and assumed new fathers were easy targets. I still remember how you smiled when I put that doll in your cradle, (Shireen smiles), and you pressed it to your cheek. (Looks down. Shireens smile drops). By the time we burnt the doll, it was too late. (Walks to the table and adjusts the objects on it). I was told you would die. Or worse, the grayscale would go slow. (Turns to her). Let you grow just enough to know the world before taking it away from you. Everyone advised me to send you to the ruins of Valyria to live out your short life with the Stone men, before the sickness spread to the castle. I told them all to go to hell. (Shireen smiles). I called in every maester on this side of the world. Every healer, every apothecary. They stopped the disease and saved your life. Because you did not belong across the world with the bloody Stone men. (Walks towards her). You are the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon. And you are my daughter.

After a moment, Shireen hugs Stannis. At first hesitant, he hugs her back.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL

INT. TOMBS UNDERNEATH WINTERFELL

Sansa lights a candle on a tomb. She then walks over to Lyannas tomb and places a candle in the hand of Lyannas statue. She then leans down to pick a dusty feather off of the ground. As she blows off the dust, a figure is seen approaching in the background.

BAELISH: I thought I might find you here. (Sansa turns to him). Your Aunt Lyanna.

SANSA: Father never talked about her. Sometimes I'd find him down here, lighting the candles. They say she was beautiful.

BAELISH: I saw her once. I was a boy, living with your mother's family. Lord Whent had a great tourney at Harrenhal. Everyone was there. The Mad King, your father, Robert Baratheon. And Lyanna, she was already promised to Robert. You can imagine what it was like for me, a boy from nowhere, with nothing to his name, watching these legendary men, tilting at the lists. The last two riders were Barristan Selmy and Rhaegar Targaryen. When Rhaegar won, everyone cheered for the prince. I remember the girls laughing when he took off his helmet and they saw that silver hair. How handsome he was. Until he rode right past his wife, Elia Martell, and all the smiles died. I've never seen so many people so quiet. He rode past his wife, and he lay a crown of winter roses in Lyanna's lap. Blue as frost. How many tens of thousands had to die because Rhaegar chose your aunt?

SANSA: Yes, he chose her and then he kidnapped her and raped her.

BAELISH: Come. (Takes her arm). Let's speak somewhere the dead can't hear us. (They begin walking away).

SANSA: Dressed for riding?

BAELISH: I am.

SANSA: Where are you going?

BAELISH: King's Landing.

SANSA: King's Landing?

BAELISH: Cersei sent for me. (They stop). We must not let her sniff out any trouble.

SANSA: You can't leave me here!

BAELISH: I know how hard it is to live with people you despise, believe me. But it won't be for long.

SANSA: How do you know?

BAELISH: (They begin walking again). Stannis Baratheon garrisons at Castle Black. He'll march south to King's Landing before the winter snows block his way. But first, he has to take Winterfell.

SANSA: You don't know that.

BAELISH: I do. Once he liberates these lands from the Boltons he'll rally your father's bannermen to his cause. With the North behind him, Stannis can finally take the Iron Throne.

SANSA: You think he'll defeat the Boltons?

BAELISH: He has a larger army. He's the finest military commander in Westeros. A betting man would put his money on Stannis. (They stop). As it happens, I am a betting man.

SANSA: And if you're right?

BAELISH: Stannis takes Winterfell, he rescues you from the most despised family in the North. Grateful for your late father's courageous support for his claim, he names you Wardeness of the North.

SANSA: But I, I wouldn't Wardeness of the North

BAELISH: You are the last surviving Stark. He needs you.

SANSA: What if you're wrong? What if Stannis never attacks Winterfell, or he does and the Boltons defeat him?

BAELISH: Then you will take this Bolton boy, Ramsay, and make him yours.

SANSA: I don't know how to do that.

BAELISH: Of course you do. He's already fallen for you.

SANSA: His father frightens me.

BAELISH: He should, he's a dangerous man. But even the most dangerous men can be outmaneuvered. And youve learnt to maneuver from the very best. (Puts a hand on her shoulder). I return before too long. (Puts a hand behind her head). You'll be strong without me. (She nods, and he kisses her). The North will be yours. Do you believe me?

SANSA: I expect I'll be a married woman by the time you return.

Baelish chuckles and pats her shoulder. He turns and leaves as Sansa watches him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: DORNE

EXT. BOAT

At night, Bronn and Jaime sit in a boat. Bronn rows to shore alone. Looking across at Jaime, Jaime holds up his fake hand. Bronn begrudgingly goes back to rowing alone. After they get to shore, they carry their boat in, and hide it in some tall grass. They then both walk away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. DESERT - THE NEXT MORNING

Jaime awakens to find Bronn standing over him with a knife. His eyes widens and he moves to the side as Bronn brings his knife down on a snake that was about to bite Jaime. Jaime looks at the snake and Bronn pulls his knife out of it.

BRONN: Breakfast.

Bronn and Jaime sit at a fire. Bronn cooks the snake while Jaime puts gloves on.

BRONN: That would have been a shit way to die.

JAIME: As far as I've seen, they're all shit ways to die.

BRONN: Aye. But your lot like to give the singers a good ending.

JAIME: I don't care what's sung about me when I'm dead.

BRONN: No? Two knights, off to rescue a princess. Sounds like a good song to me.

JAIME: Sounds like all the rest.

While Bronn is distracted eating, Jaime gets rid of his food.

JAIME: What about you? What shit way would you choose?

BRONN: In my own keep, drinking my own wine, watching my sons grovel for my fortune.

JAIME: How disappointing. I thought you'd have something more exciting planned.

BRONN: I've had an exciting life. I want my death to be boring. How do you want to go?

JAIME: In the arms of the woman I love.

BRONN: She want the same thing?

JAIME: Let's go.

They both get up and gather their things. Bronn stomps out the fire. The scene cuts to them walking through some tall grass later.

BRONN: The captain to that ship What was he, Braavosi?

JAIME: Pentoshi.

BRONN: And he's headed to Oldtown?

JAIME: As I said. Why?

BRONN: What's to stop him from docking down the coast and telling the locals that Jaime Lannister's in Dorne?

JAIME: A bag of gold.

BRONN: I'm not sure you understand how much people hate your family in this part of the world.

JAIME: It was a heavy bag.

BRONN: And I bet he swore all kinds of oaths to get it. But you won't be around if he breaks them.

A horse neighs in the distance. Jaime looks around. A group of Dornish riders approach. Bronn and Jaime hide in the grass. Jaime watches the riders.

BRONN: How many you count?

JAIME: Four.

BRONN: How many you think you can take?

JAIME: One, if he's slow.

Bronn turns to look at the riders.

RIDER: Halt!

The rider holds up his hand, and the party stops, having spotted Jaime and Bronns footsteps.

BRONN: Fucked in the arse. (Both get up). Hiya! (The riders approach them). Morning, lads. Glad we found you.

RIDER: Who are you?

BRONN: Cooper. (Points to Jaime). This is Darnell.

RIDER: You're from King's Landing.

BRONN: Accent gave me away? Flea Bottom. Whelped and whipped.

RIDER: Why are you here?

BRONN: Our ship capsized in the night. We managed to swim ashore. It was a near thing, really.

JAIME: I thought the sharks would get us. (Bronn looks at him).

RIDER: There are no sharks in Dorne.

JAIME: I could have sworn those were shark fins.

BRONN: Dolphins maybe.

RIDER: Throw your swords in the sand.

BRONN: Boys, there's no need for this. Just, point us in the right direction. We'll find our way home.

RIDER: Swords in the sand! Now!

Bronn and Jaime look at each other. They pull out their swords. Bronn puts his down in the sand, and then flings a knife into the throat of a rider. He then kills another, stabbing him and knocking him off of his horse. A third charges him, and Bronn knocks him off of his horse as well. However, he survives. Bronn turns to Jaime.

BRONN: That one should be slow enough.

Bronn approaches the fourth and final rider. Jaime turns to the injured rider, who is revealed to be much larger than Jaime. They begin fighting. In the background, Bronn knocks the fourth rider off of his horse. As Jaime and the man fight, Jaime is slowly pushed back, down a hill. He falls over and begins rolling to escape his attacker. He loses his balance and his sword is knocked away. As the attacker brings his sword down to kill Jaime, Jaime brings his gold hand up to block it. The sword gets stuck in Jaimes hand. As the attacker is stuck trying to remove the sword, Jaime picks his back up, kills him, and kicks him down the hill.

BRONN: Nice move! (Jaime turns to him).

JAIME: Luck.

BRONN: You had a wonderful teacher.

Bronn turns and walks away. Jaime looks back down the hill, and then to his hand. Failing to shake the sword off, he is forced to dislodge it by kicking it out of his own hand. Bronn is then seen cleaning his sword off on the clothes of one of the dead riders. He sheaths his sword as Jaime approaches.

BRONN: Always wanted a Dornish stallion. Beasts can run a day and night without tiring. We'll ride to the Water Gardens with a nice breeze in our face.

JAIME: First we need to bury these bodies.

BRONN: Birds have to eat too.

JAIME: Corpses raise questions, questions raise armies. We're not here to start a war.

BRONN: Do you know how long it will take us to dig all those holes?

JAIME: (Holding out his hand). I can't dig very well with one hand. Not at all, really.

Jaime walks away as Bronns face drops. He begins dragging a body.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BEACH

Elaria, in all black, swiftly rides down a beach on horseback. She approaches a tent. Nearby are some more horses, and in the tent are Nymeria, Obara, and Tyene. Tyene exits the tent to meet her as she dismounts.

TYENE: Nama!

Tyene and Elaria embrace.

ELARIA: Nym, Obara.

OBARA: Will it be war?

ELARIA: Prince Doran will weep for your father, but nothing else. We must avenge Oberyn ourselves.

OBARA: Without Doran we have no army to march against the Lannisters.

ELARIA: We don't need an army to start a war. (Drinks water). Queen Cersei loves her children, and we have one of them.

NYMERIA: We may have a problem.

Nymeria uses a whip to knock a bucket away. Underneath is the captain who brought Jaime and Bronn to Dorne, buried neck-deep in sand and covered in scorpions.

OBARA: A ship's captain, who found me in Planky Town, claiming he had information to sell. He told me he smuggled Jaime Lannister into Dorne.

ELARIA: He's come for Myrcella. If he gets to her before we do, we lose our only chance for revenge. You must choose. Doran's way and peace, or my way and war.

TYENE: (Walks towards her). I'm with you. Always. (Elaria puts a hand to her face).

ELARIA: Nym? (Nymeria nods). Obara?

OBARA: When I was a child, (Begins walking), Oberyn came to take me to court. I'd never seen this man, and yet he called himself my father. My mother wept, said I was too young, and a girl.
Oberyn tossed his spear at my feet and said, "Girl or boy, we fight our battles. But the Gods let us choose our weapons." My father pointed to the spear, and then to my mother's tears.

Obara picks up a spear that was sticking out of the sand. She twirls it around for a moment, and then tosses it through the captains head, killing him.

OBARA: (Smiles). I made my choice long ago.

Elaria and Tyene smile.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: EXT. BOAT AT SEA

Jorah steers the boat as Tyrion, tied up and gagged, tries to speak. He only succeeds in mumbling. Eventually he stops trying to say real words, and instead only tries to be as loud as possible, to annoy Jorah. Jorah comes over and ungags him, and then walks back over to continue steering.

TYRION: Thank you. (After a long pause). Who are you?

JORAH: Your captor.

TYRION: Do you have wine?

JORAH: No.

TYRION: I can't sleep without wine.

JORAH: Then stay awake.

TYRION: You're going the wrong way. My sister's in Westeros. Westeros is west! We're heading east.

JORAH: I'm not taking you to your sister.

TYRION: You said you were taking me to the Queen.

JORAH: I am. Queen Daenerys Targaryen. She's the Queen I serve.

TYRION: (Chuckles). What a waste of a good kidnapping. So happens I was heading there myself!

JORAH: What business would you have with the Queen?

TYRION: Gold and glory. Oh, and hate. If you've ever met my sister, you'd understand. So now that it's clear we're on the same side? (Holds out his hands expectantly. Jorah makes no move to respond). A high born knight from the North of Westeros, down on his luck in Essos. Dragon epaulettes? Bear sigil breast plate. You're Jorah Mormont. I have to ask how, exactly, were you serving your Queen in a whore house, half a world away? Is it possible, that you were running? Why would you be running? And why would she have sent you away? Oh, wait! You were spying on her, weren't you? It's all coming back to me! I was drunk through most of the Small Council meetings, but it's all coming back. You passed notes to Varys's little birds. She found out, didn't she? Found out, and exiled you. (Jorah looks downtrodden). And now you hope to win back her favor with a gift. A risky scheme. One might even say, desperate. Do you think Daenerys would execute me, and pardon you? I'd say the reverse is just as likely.

Jorah stops steering and approaches Tyrion. Tyrion holds out his hands again, but Jorah strikes him, knocking him unconscious. He then goes back to steering, looking worried.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: YUNKAI

EXT. BALCONY OVERLOOKING THE CITY

Daenerys and Ser Barristan stand on the balcony.

DAENERYS: Everyone looks happy enough from up here. (Barristan chuckles). What?

BARRISTAN: I was thinking of all the times your brother made me go with him down from the Red Keep, into the streets of King's Landing.

DAENERYS: Why?

BARRISTAN: He liked to walk among the people, he liked to sing to them.

DAENERYS: He sang to them?

BARRISTAN: Yes. Rhaegar would take a spot on the Hook or the Street of Seeds and then he'd sing. Just like all the other minstrels.

DAENERYS: And what did you do?

BARRISTAN: I made sure no one killed him. And I collected the money. (Daenerys looks surprised). Well he liked to see how much he could make.

DAENERYS: He was good?

BARRISTAN: He was very good. Viserys never told you?

DAENERYS: He told me Rhaegar was good at killing people. (Sits down).

BARRISTAN: Rhaegar never liked killing. He loved singing.

DAENERYS: And what did you do with the money?

BARRISTAN: Well, one time, he gave it to the next minstrel down the street. One time, he gave it to an orphanage in Flea Bottom. One time... we got horribly drunk. (They both laugh).

DARIO: (Entering). Your Grace. Hizdahr is here, waiting in your audience chamber.

DAENERYS: How many others are there?

DARIO: Fifty a hundred.

DAENERYS: Will you be joining us, Ser Barristan?

DARIO: I think I can protect you from Hizdahr Zo Loraq.

DAENERYS: I think I can protect me from Hizdahr Zo Loraq. Go, Ser Barristan. Sing a song for me.

BARRISTAN: Your Grace. (Leaves).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. AUDIENCE CHAMBER

HIZDAHR: All men must die. But not all can die in glory.

MISSANDEI: Glory?

HIZDAHR: Why else do men fight? Why did your ancestors cross the Narrow Sea and conquer the Seven Kingdoms? So their names would live on. Those who find victory in the fighting pits, will never become kings, but their names will live on. It's the best chance they'll ever have.

DAENERYS: Is that what you used to tell men before you set them to butchering each other for sport?

HIZDAHR: Your Grace, today is the traditional start of the fighting season.

DAENERYS: I do not recognize this tradition.

HIZDAHR: Traditions are the only thing that will hold this city, your city, together. (Shots of Sons of the Harpy walking through tunnels with torches). Without them, former slaves and former masters have nothing in common. Nothing but centuries of mistrust and resentment. I can't promise this is the answer to all our problems, but it's a start.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MARKETPLACE

A prostitute and a soldier laugh with each other. Another soldier talks with some women. Some Sons of the Harpy kill all of the soldiers in the area, causing panic. In a nearby alley, some Unsullied march. Hearing the chaos, they begin running towards the market. They find the prostitute crying over the body of the dead soldier.

WOMAN: (Speaking another language) Sons of the Harpy.

She gestures in the direction the sons went. The Unsullied run in that direction. When they are out of view, she stops her act and wipes the tears away. The Unsullied enter a corridor, expecting to catch the sons. Instead, they themselves are ambushed from every direction by Sons of the Harpy. After a tense few moments, a fight breaks out. During the fight, one of the Unsullieds helmet is knocked off, and is revealed to be Grey Worm. Another fight breaks out elsewhere. The two Unsullied there are killed almost immediately. Barristan walks down an alley and, upon noticing the chaos, heads to the fighting. Grey Worm is badly injured, and with his party killed, also badly outnumbered. Unsullied are shown being killed elsewhere. Grey Worm continues holding off the sons, and Barristan arrives to assist him. They are able to kill all of the sons, but are both seriously injured in the process. They fall unconscious, and the camera pans up to show them surrounded by all of the dead sons and Unsullied.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

TITLE SEQUENCE

INT. ROOM

Grey Worm lays in a bed, asleep. Missandei stands over him, crying.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. THRONE ROOM

The room is dark, except for some candles. Daenerys and Daario stand over the body of Barristan. Hizdahr enters with two men.

HIZDAHR: I am so sorry, my queen. He was a good man.

DAENERYS: "Barristan the Bold" they called him. He crossed a continent to serve me. He was a loyal friend. And he died in an alley, butchered by cowards who hide behind masks.

DAARIO: We could pull back to the pyramid district, secure it, and use it as a base from which to operate. Then we clean the city out, neighborhood by neighborhood, street by street, until the rats have nowhere left to hide.

Daario walks over the Daenerys and looks at Hizdahr. He looks back. Daenerys turns around.

DAENERYS: I prefer your earlier suggestion. Round up the leaders of each of Meereen's great families and bring them to me.

HIZDAHR: But... I'm the leader of my family.

Daario nods. The two men behind Hizdahr grab and restrain him. He is taken away.

HIZDAHR: No, Your Grace! I had nothing to do with this. Your Grace!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DRAGON CHAMBER

Daenerys, Daario, some Unsullied, and a number of men stand in the chamber. Daario holds a torch. After a few moments, Daenerys turns around and begins walking. Daario follows her. Then a chain can be heard rattling. Daenerys and Daario turn around.

DAENERYS: (in Valyrian) Walk forward.

The Unsullied lower their spears at the other men.

MAN: (Valyrian) You cannot do this.

The Unsullied begin walking forward, forcing the men to move. After a few moments, they stop. Chains rattle again.

DAENERYS: (Valyrian) Another step.

The Unsullied and the men take another step. Chains rattle and an unseen dragon snarls. Daenerys walks through the Unsullied to the front of the group.

DAENERYS: (Valyrian) They will eat you, if I tell them to. They may eat you even if I dont. Children. Some say I should give up on them. (One of the men is mumbling). But a good mother never gives up on her children. She disciplines them if she must.

Daenerys looks at Daario. He walks over and pushes the mumbling man forward, onto his knees.

DAENERYS: (Valyrian) But she does not give up on them.

The mans eyes widen. A dragon comes out of the shadows and breathes fire on him. He screams and dies. The dragons take his corpse, tear it in two, and eat it.

DAENERYS: (Valyrian) Who is innocent? Maybe all of you are, (Looks at Hizdahr), maybe none of you are. Maybe, (Touching Hizdahrs arm), I should let the dragons decide.

HIZDAHR: (Valyrian) All men must die.

The other men besides Hizdahr grovel before Daenerys. The dragons continue eating. After a moment, she takes her hand off of Hizdahr.

DAENERYS: Don't want to overfeed them. Tomorrow perhaps.

Daario and the Unsullied take the men out. Daenerys watches her dragons eat for a moment, and then walks out herself.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK

INT. LIBRARY

Sam sits at a table, reading a letter. Aemon is with him.

SAM: "And though Daenerys maintains her grip on Slaver's Bay, forces rise against her from within and without. She refuses to leave until the freedom of the former slaves is secure." She sounds like quite a woman.

AEMON: And she's alone, under siege, no family to guide her or protect her. Her last relation thousands of miles away, useless, dying.

SAM: Don't say that, Maester Aemon.

AEMON: A Targaryen, alone in the world, is a terrible thing.

Jon walks in.

JON: Maester Aemon.

AEMON: Lord Commander.

JON: Sam, I'd like to speak to the maester alone.

Sam gets up, grabs his papers, and leaves. Jon walks over and sits at the table.

JON: How are you feeling?

AEMON: Oh, like a hundred-year-old man slowly freezing to death.

JON: I need your advice. There's something I want to do, something I have to do. But it'll divide the Night's Watch. Bitterly. Half the men will hate me the moment I give the order.

AEMON: Half the men hate you already, Lord Commander. Do it.

JON: But you don't know what it is.

AEMON: That doesn't matter. You do. You will find little joy in your command. But with luck, you will find the strength to do what needs to be done. Kill the boy, Jon Snow. Winter is almost upon us. Kill the boy, and let the man be born.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. ROOM

Jon and Tormund sit across from each other at a table.

JON: Where are the rest of the free folk now? (Tormund scoffs). Where have they gone? (No response). Who leads them?

TORMUND: They followed Mance. They won't follow anyone else.

JON: What about you?

TORMUND: Hard to lead when you're in chains.

JON: What if I unchained you?

TORMUND: Why would you do that?

JON: Because you are not my enemy. And I'm not yours.

TORMUND: You sure seemed like my enemy when you were killing my friends.

JON: For 8,000 years the Night's Watch have sworn an oath to be the shield that guards the realms of men. And for 8,000 years we've fallen short of that oath. You belong to the realms of men. All of you.

TORMUND: And now everything is going to change?

JON: It is.

TORMUND: Why now?

JON: Because now, (Leans forward), I am Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.

TORMUND: What would you have me do, (Leans forward), Lord Commander?

JON: (Stands up). I'd have you go north of the Wall. Gather the remaining free folk wherever they are and bring them back here. I'll open the gates for them and let them through. I'll find them lands to settle south of the Wall.

TORMUND: They won't kneel for you and neither will I.

JON: I don't want them to kneel for me. I want them to fight with me when the time comes.

TORMUND: The day I ask my people to fight with the crows is the day my people cut my guts from my belly and make me eat them.

JON: And how many of your people can't fight? The women, the children, the old, the sick, what happens to them? You're condemning them to death. Worse than death because you're too proud to make peace. Or maybe you're not proud. Maybe you're just a coward.

TORMUND: (Stands up). Easy thing to say to a man in chains.

Jon unchains Tormund. Tormunds eyes widen as he feels his hands.

JON: Your people need a leader. And they need to get south of the Wall before it's too late. We don't have much time and they have less. The walkers are coming and they'll hit your people first. I'm not asking you to make peace to save your skin. Make peace to save your people.

TORMUND: Most of them are at Hardhome. You know where that is?

JON: Up on Storrold's Point. I can give you 10 horses and nine other men. You can get there in a week.

TORMUND: We'll need ships.

JON: I'll talk to King Stannis about lending you his fleet.

TORMUND: All right, then. You're coming with me. You're the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. They need to hear it from you. They need to know the ships they are boarding wont be torched in the middle of the sea. You come with me, or I don't go.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DINING HALL

The Nights Watchmen present talk amongst themselves. Stannis and Davos are present. Jon stands at a table in the front of the room with Allister and two others. One of them addresses Jon.

MAN 1: You'd bring wildlings here, through our gates?

JON: Men, women, and children will die by the thousands if we do nothing.

MAN 1: Let them die. We got our own to worry about. Less enemies for us.

Some of the men in the crowd cheer.

STANNIS: Fewer.

DAVOS: What?

STANNIS: Nothing.

SAM: (Standing up) There is good farmland in the Gift.(Laughter). Land that no one uses now. A dozen abandoned villages.

MAN 2: And why do you think the farmers abandoned those villages? Because the wildlings raided them for years. Cut them down! Just like they did this boy's people.

The man points to Olly, who lowers his head. Sam sits down.

ALLISTER: We've been fighting them all for thousands of years. They've slaughtered villages. They've slaughtered our brothers.

JON: And we've slaughtered theirs.

EDD: I will follow you anywhere, you know that. But they killed Grenn. And they killed Pyp. (Men mumble in agreement). They killed 50 of our brothers. I can't forget that. I can't forgive it.

JON: You were at the Fist of the First Men. If we abandon them, you know what they become. We can learn to live with the wildlings or we can add them to the army of the dead. Whatever they are now, they're better than that.

The men in the room return to bickering loudly.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. LORD COMMANDERS ROOM

Jon walks in, takes off his coat, and puts his hands on his desk. Olly knocks and walks in with a plate of food, and sets it down.

JON: Thank you. (Olly walks away). Olly. (He stops). If you have something you want to say to me, say it. It's all right.

OLLY: You don't mean it, do you? Telling the wildlings you want to make peace. You're just doing it to trick them.

JON: It's not a trick.

OLLY: They burned my village. They put an arrow through my father's head right in front of me. They butchered my mother, everyone I ever knew.

JON: I know what it's like to lose the people you love. I know this is hard for you. But winter is coming. We know what's coming with it. We can't face it alone.

OLLY: Will there be anything else you need, Lord Commander?

JON: No.

Olly leaves. Jon sighs.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL

EXT. COURTYARD

Podrick walks carrying some supplies. He enters a building. Inside, Brienne stares out of a window. Podrick sets down the supplies.

PODRICK: She's far away from the Lannisters. This is her home. Maybe Lady Sansa is better off here.

BRIENNE: (Turns around). Better off with the Boltons who murdered her mother and brother? Sansa's in danger even if she doesn't realize it.

A man enters with some water and a towel.

BRIENNE: Thank you. You've lived here a long time?

MAN: Aye.

BRIENNE: Did you know Lord Eddard?

MAN: I knew him and his father before him. The Starks are gone now.

BRIENNE: Not all of them. I know who's inside that castle.

MAN: Everyone knows. The Boltons.

BRIENNE: I'm not talking about the Boltons. I need to get a message to her. To Sansa Stark.

MAN: Who are you?

BRIENNE: Someone who swore to keep her safe.

MAN: Swore to who?

BRIENNE: Her mother.

MAN: Her mother's dead.

BRIENNE: That doesn't release me from an oath. I served Lady Catelyn. I serve her still. Who do you serve?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. RAMSAYS CHAMBERS

Myranda stands naked in front of a window.

RAMSAY: Come back here. Myranda.

MYRANDA: I saw you staring at her.

RAMSAY: I'm going to marry her. That will involve looking at her from time to time.

MYRANDA: You said you'd marry me.

RAMSAY: And I meant it. When I was a bastard named Snow.But I'm a Bolton now. What I want is no longer the primary consideration. I'm furthering a dynasty.

MYRANDA: Do you think she's pretty?

RAMSAY: Of course I do. I'm not blind.

Ramsay sighs and gets up. He walks over to Myranda and grabs her waist.

RAMSAY: You think she's pretty, too. I'm looking forward to our wedding night. But don't worry, I'll have plenty of time for you.

MYRANDA: Perhaps I'll marry, too.

RAMSAY: (Laughs). You're the kennel master's daughter. Who are you going to marry, the stable keeper's son? (She tries to hit him, but he restrains her). You're mine. You're not going anywhere. Unless I have to listen to more of your jealousy. Jealousy bores me. You remember what happens to people who bore me. You're not going to bore me, are you, Myranda?

After a moment, Myranda kisses him. She then bites down hard on his lower lip, causing it to bleed.

MYRANDA: (Smiles). Never.

Ramsay smiles back. They begin having sex.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SANSAS CHAMBERS

Sansa sits alone at a table. Theres a knock on the door. She turns, gets up, and opens it. An old servant woman comes in.

WOMAN: Beg pardon, my lady. I've come to refill the wash basin.

SANSA: Oh, I don't need-

WOMAN: (Closes the door). You still have friends in the North. If you're ever in trouble, light a candle in the highest window of the broken tower.

SANSA: But who -

WOMAN: You're not alone.

The woman leaves, and closes the door.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. OUTSIDE

Sansa walks through the snow, looking up at the broken tower. Myranda approaches her.

MYRANDA: I like your dress. Who made it for you?

SANSA: I made it myself.

MYRANDA: Really?

SANSA: Who, who are you?

MYRANDA: I'm Myranda, the kennel master's daughter. May I? (Takes Sansas arm and inspects her sleeve). Oh, wonderful. The stitching. Who taught you?

SANSA: My mother. (Pulls away).

MYRANDA: I'm sorry for what happened to her.

SANSA: Thank you.

MYRANDA: It's good that she taught you. It was a gift. Now every time you wear something you made, you can remember her.

SANSA: I'd rather have a mother.

MYRANDA: I know. It's not the same. Still, it's good to remember. Remember the way things were. I almost forgot. There's something else to help you remember.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DUNGEON ENTRANCE

Myranda opens the gate and lets Sansa in. Some dogs bark.

MYRANDA: Down there at the end.

SANSA: What is it?

MYRANDA: That would spoil the surprise. Go ahead, it's perfectly safe. You won't believe it when you see it.

The dogs continue barking and growling. Sansa walks down the aisle of cages. Most contain dogs. Sansa looks behind to see Myranda has disappeared. She comes to the last cage, which is open. Inside is Theon, on the floor. He gets up and notices her.

SANSA: Theon?

THEON: You shouldn't be here.

She looks at him angrily. He backs away from her. She leaves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. RAMSAYS CHAMBERS

Theon unties Ramsays jacket.

RAMSAY: You smell particularly ripe this evening. Pour me some wine.

Theon walks over to a table and pours some wine. He then brings it over to Ramsay, who drinks it.

RAMSAY: Do you have something to tell me?

THEON: No, my lord.

RAMSAY: Reek.

THEON: (Stuttering). She saw me.

RAMSAY: Who?

THEON: Sansa. Lady Sansa. She came to the kennels.

RAMSAY: She saw you?

THEON: Yes. I'm sorry, master. Forgive me. I didn't think -

RAMSAY: Come here.

Theon walks forward. Ramsay holds his chin.

RAMSAY: You mustn't keep secrets from me, Reek. Get on your knees.

Theon gets on his knees. Ramsay sips his wine, and then puts it aside. Theon looks down.

RAMSAY: Give me your hand.

Theon hesitantly holds his hand up. As Ramsay takes it, Theon begins stammering. After a moment, Ramsay cups Theons hand with his own hands.

RAMSAY: I forgive you.

Theon looks up. Ramsay smiles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DINING HALL

Sansa, Ramsay, Roose, and Walda sit at a table, eating.

ROOSE: I trust you find your chamber suitable, my lady.

SANSA: Yes, thank you, my lord.

RAMSAY: Allow me.

Ramsay pours Sansa some wine.

RAMSAY: Mother.

WALDA: Thank you, Ramsay.

He pours her some wine as well. She smiles. Ramsay gets up and holds his wine up.

RAMSAY: My lady, we are all a family, we northerners. Our blood ties go back thousands of years. So I'd like to drink to our wedding. May our happiness spread from Moat Cailin to the Last Hearth.

ROOSE: (Raises his cup). To your wedding.

WALDA: (Raises her cup). To your wedding.

Ramsay takes a large sip of wine. Sansa puts her own glass down. Ramsay sits down.

WALDA: It must be difficult for you being in a strange place.

SANSA: This isn't a strange place. This is my home. It's the people who are strange.

RAMSAY: You're right. Very strange. More wine, please.

Theon enters the room with some wine. Sansa looks away.

RAMSAY: I heard you two had reunited. A fitting place for it. (Theon begins pouring wine). I like to imagine that the last time you spoke was in this very room. Are you still angry with him after he - what he did? Don't worry. The North remembers. I punished him for it. He's not ironborn anymore. Not Theon Greyjoy anymore. He's a new man. A new person, anyway. Aren't you, Reek?

THEON: (Turns around). Yes, master.

RAMSAY: That's his new name, Reek.

SANSA: Why are you doing this?

RAMSAY: Because Reek has something to say to you. Don't you, Reek? (He gestures Theon over). An apology. Apologize to Lady Sansa for what you did. Apologize for murdering her two brothers.

Theon shakes his head "no" when Ramsay looks away

THEON: (After a moment, stuttering). I'm sorry.

RAMSAY: Look at her, Reek. An apology doesn't mean anything if you're not looking the person in the eye.

THEON: I'm sorry.

RAMSAY: Sorry about what?

THEON: For killing your brothers.

RAMSAY: There, over and done with. Doesn't everyone feel better? I do. That was getting very tense. Whew. (Theon turns to leave). You know what, my lady? What with him having murdered your brothers and the rest of your family gone Reek here is the nearest thing to living kin that you have left. Reek. You will give away the bride. Someone has to. What better person? Good? Good?

ROOSE: Yes, yes, very good.

RAMSAY: Wonderful. (Sips wine).

ROOSE: Walda and I have some good news as well, since we're all together.

WALDA: We're going to have a baby.

SANSA: I'm very happy for you.

ROOSE: From the way she's carrying, Maester Wolkan says it looks like a boy.

Ramsay sips some wine and angrily sets his cup down. Sansa looks at him smugly.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. ROOSES WAR ROOM

Ramsay and Roose sit at a war table.

RAMSAY: How can you be sure?

ROOSE: Sure of what?

RAMSAY: That she's pregnant. I mean how can you tell?

ROOSE: Maester Wolkan has assured us beyond all doubt.

Ramsay gets up and walks around to the other side of the table, wine in hand.

RAMSAY: So how did you manage it?

ROOSE: Manage what?

RAMSAY: Getting her pregnant.

ROOSE: I imagine you're familiar with the procedure.

RAMSAY: Of course, but how did you find it?

ROOSE: You disgraced yourself at dinner, parading that creature before the Stark girl.

RAMSAY: And if it's a boy?

ROOSE: You're worried about your position.

RAMSAY: My position is quite clear. I'm your son until a better alternative comes along.

Ramsay finished his wine and goes to get more.

ROOSE: You've never asked me about your mother.

RAMSAY: Why would I? She had me, she died. And here we are.

ROOSE: She was a peasant girl. Pretty in a common sort of way. She was the miller's wife. Apparently they had married without my knowledge or consent. So I had him hanged and I took her beneath the tree where he was swaying. She fought me the whole time. She was lucky I didn't hang her, too. A year later she came to my gates with a squalling baby in her arms. A baby she claimed was mine. I nearly had her whipped and the child thrown in the river. (Stands up). But then I looked at you and I saw then what I see now. You are my son. (After a moment). Stannis Baratheon has an army at Castle Black. But he won't stay for long. He wants the Iron Throne, and the road to King's Landing comes right through Winterfell. He means to take the North. But the North is ours. It's yours and mine. Will you help me defeat him?

RAMSAY: Yes.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK

INT. LIBRARY

Gilly walks through the bookshelves, examining them. Sam sits at the table reading.

GILLY: Is this every book there is?

SAM: Every book there is?

GILLY: In the world.

SAM: Well, no. There are thousands and thousands of books out there. This library is rather small, actually.

GILLY: Where you grew up, were there more books?

SAM: My father's not the most literate man. They say the Citadel has the largest library in the world.

GILLY: Where's that?

SAM: The Citadel? In Oldtown.

GILLY: I'm sorry I don't know things.

SAM: Gilly, look at me. You know how to do a hundred things I can never do. You can build a fire with wet wood. You can cook. You can stitch a wound.

GILLY: I can wash the linens. I can sweep the floor.

SAM: Well -

GILLY: Why does the Citadel have the biggest library?

SAM: It's where they train the maesters.

GILLY: Like Maester Aemon?

SAM: I wanted to be one when I was young. Instead, I became a man of the Night's Watch. Far more adventure up here anyway. I wouldn't have met you.

Stannis enters the library. Sam stands up.

SAM: Ah, Your Grace.

Gilly quickly exits.

STANNIS: You're Samwell Tarly?

SAM: I am, Your Grace.

STANNIS: Your father is Randyll Tarly. He defeated my brother at the Battle of Ashford. Only battle Robert ever lost. I told him he shouldn't go so far west so soon, but he never listened. Fine soldier, your father. You don't look like a soldier. But I'm told you killed a white walker.

SAM: I did, Your Grace.

STANNIS: How?

SAM: With a dagger made of dragonglass.

STANNIS: Dragonglass?

SAM: What the maesters call obsidian -

STANNIS: I know what it is. We have it in Dragonstone. Why would obsidian kill a walker?

SAM: I don't know. I've been going through all the old manuscripts hoping to find something, and all I've learned is that the children of the forest used to hunt with dragonglass.

STANNIS: The Lady Melisandre told me that death marches on the Wall.

SAM: I've seen it, Your Grace.

STANNIS: Seen what?

SAM: The army of the dead. And when they come -

STANNIS: We have to know how to fight them. (After a moment). Keep reading, Samwell Tarly.

Stannis leaves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DINING HALL

Davos carves away at a piece of wood. Stannis approaches him.

STANNIS: It's time.

DAVOS: Uh, Your Grace. Wouldn't it be better to wait? When Jon Snow returns with the wildlings, we could have thousands more men.

STANNIS: If Jon Snow returns with the wildlings. We can't wait that long. We have the advantage, more men, more horses, all fed and rested. But every day we wait, the odds shift in Bolton's favor. This could turn to winter at any moment. We have to act now. Give the order. We march at sunrise.

DAVOS: I'll choose a dozen men to stay and guard the queen and the princess.

STANNIS: No need, they're coming with us.

DAVOS: It's a tough road ahead, Your Grace. Won't they be safer -

STANNIS: Here? Half these watchmen are killers and rapists. No, they march with us.

They walk outside.

DAVOS: As you wish, Your Grace.

Stannis walks away. Davos spots Melisandre.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. COURTYARD - THE NEXT MORNING

Stanniss men prepare to ride out. Sam and Gilly watch. Gilly holds baby Sam. Olly, Edd, and some other watchmen are also shown watching.

SHIREEN: (On horseback). Do you think Father will let me go down into the crypt?

DAVOS: Beg your pardon?

SHIREEN: At Winterfell. All the Kings in the North are buried there. Bran the Builder and King Dorren and-

DAVOS: First things first. It's a long march ahead. And then we have to take the castle.

SHIREEN: Is there going to be a battle?

DAVOS: Aye, princess, but you won't be anywhere near -

SELYSE: That's enough talk of battle, Ser Davos. You'll scare the child.

DAVOS: Yes, my queen.

SHIREEN: I'm not scared.

DAVOS: Well, I am. When the battle comes, promise you'll protect me.

SHIREEN: (Smiling). I promise.

Shireen looks back at Gilly. Selyse catches her, and she looks down and away. Jon walks through the courtyard. He and Stannis meet on some stairs.

STANNIS: I hope you know what you're doing with these wildlings. I need those ships.

JON: You'll get them back, I swear it. Have a safe journey, Your Grace. And thank you.

Jon watches Stannis walk away and get on his horse. He makes eye contact with Melisandre, but she looks away. Stannis and his army begin leaving.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREN

INT. GREY WORMS ROOM

Missandei watches over Grey Worm. He suddenly gets up, startling her.

MISSANDEI: You're still too weak. (He lays back down).

GREY WORM: (Valyrian) How long have I been here?

MISSANDEI: (Valyrian) Three days.

He looks at her. His face is bruised.

GREY WORM: Ser Barristan?

Missandei shakes her head.

GREY WORM: (Valyrian) I failed him. I failed my men, I failed my queen.

MISSANDEI: (Valyrian) You failed no one. You fought bravely. Youll fight again. (In Common Tongue) Are you ashamed? You were ambushed, outnumbered. There was no way you could have known.

GREY WORM: This is not why. Wounded in war, there is no shame for this. I am ashamed because when the knife go in and I fall to the ground, I am afraid.

MISSANDEI: All men fear death.

GREY WORM: No, not death. I fear I never again see Missandei from the Island of Naath.

Missandei looks down, on the verge of tears. She gets up and lies down in the bed with him, caressing his face, and then kissing him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DAENERYSS CHAMBERS

Missandei and Daenerys stand, talking.

MISSANDEI: Now you have given the Masters what they deserve.

DAENERYS: If I give everyone what they deserve, I'll have no one left to rule. Ser Barristan counseled mercy when I took this city right up to the morning he died. Daario Naharis thinks I should kill the former Masters and let the rest of the city fend for itself. What do you think?

MISSANDEI: Your Grace, I think that I am not fit to have an opinion on these matters.

DAENERYS: (Sitting down). You are as fit as anyone I know. You know why I'm here. And you know who will suffer the most if this all falls apart. So what do you think?

MISSANDEI: I can only tell you what I have seen, Your Grace. (Sitting down). I have seen you listen to your counselors. I have seen you lean on their experience when your own was lacking and weigh the choices they put before you. And I have seen you ignore your counselors, because there was a better choice. One that only you could see.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DUNGEONS

Daenerys is led by Unsullied to a room in a dungeon. The door is opened to reveal Hizdahr. She enters, and he kneels before her.

HIZDAHR: My, my queen, please do not do this.

DAENERYS: What about "Valar Morghulis"?

HIZDAHR: I did not want to die a coward. Apparently I do not want to die at all. (Sniffles).

DAENERYS: It takes courage to admit fear. And to admit a mistake. I came here to tell you that I was wrong. I was wrong and you were right. About tradition. About bringing the people of this city together. I will reopen the fighting pits. To free men only. Slavery will never return to Meereen, not while I live.

HIZDAHR: Yes, my queen.

DAENERYS: And in order to forge a lasting bond with the Meereenese people, I will marry the leader of an ancient family. (Hizdahr nods). Thankfully a suitor is already on his knees.

Hizdahr looks surprised. Daenerys faintly smiles, and then leaves. Hizdahr is left in the cell, with the door wide open.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: SEA

EXT. JORAHS BOAT

Tyrion wakes up and feels his head.

TYRION: Don't worry. I'll be fine. Nothing broken, I don't think. Where are we now? Not the Rhoyne. (No response). Long, sullen silences and an occasional punch in the face. The Mormont way. Let's start over. I apologize for before. My mouth sometimes runs away from me. This doesn't have to be an unpleasant trip. We're going to be spending a lot of time together on the way to Meereen.

JORAH: We are.

TYRION: What would make our time together truly enjoyable would be some wine.

JORAH: No wine.

TYRION: I am a person who drinks. People who drink need to keep drinking. Otherwise, they're not

Jorah stands up and looks ahead. Tyrion turns as well. A large bank of fog lies ahead of the boat.

TYRION: I know where we are. You're taking us through Valyria.

JORAH: I am.

TYRION: Have you sailed this route before?

JORAH: No.

TYRION: You're going to bring Daenerys a souvenir from her ancestral homeland in case I'm not enough?

JORAH: I think you'll be plenty.

TYRION: You know what they say. The Doom still rules Valyria. What about the demons and the flames? Aren't you afraid of the Doom?

JORAH: No. But the pirates are.

TYRION: Oh.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVER SURROUNDED BY WOODS

TYRION: The Smoking Sea. How many centuries before we learn how to build cities like this again? Thousands of years the Valyrians were the best in the world at almost everything. And then -

JORAH: And then they weren't.

TYRION: And then they weren't. "They held each other close and turned their backs upon the end. The hills that split asunder and the black that ate the skies; The flames that shot so high and hot that even dragons burned; Would never be the final sights that fell upon their eyes. A fly upon a wall, the waves the sea wind whipped and churned -"

JORAH: "The city of a thousand years, and all that men had learned; The Doom consumed it all alike, and neither of them turned."

TYRION: I would clap.

He holds up his bound hands. Jorah smirks.

TYRION: I suppose this is it, then. This is what remains.

They look at the approaching ruins of the city. Suddenly Tyrion spots Drogon passing overhead. He stands up. Both of them look up and watch as he passes. Behind Tyrion, someone hops in the water. Jorah hears the splash and turns to see the ripples.

TYRION: What was that?

The boat passes into a tunnel. A Stone Man jumps down into the boat from the ceiling.

JORAH: Stone Men! Don't let them touch you!

Jorah hits the stone man from behind before he gets to Tyrion. They begin fighting. Another stone man jumps into the water and begins trying to get on the boat. Tyrion tries to keep him off. Jorah manages to push the first man into the water. He then begins fighting the other one.

JORAH: Get behind!

TYRION: Mormont, cut me free! (Jorah falls into the water). Mormont!

Jorah climbs back onto the boat and fights off the stone man. He manages to get his sword and cuts the stone man. The other stone man inches his way towards Tyrion.

TYRION: Mormont! Mormont!

Jorah cuts through the stone man he was fighting and pushes him into the water. Tyrion rolls into the water to avoid the other one. He desperately tries to remove the rope around his hands. A stone man grabs his ankle and begins attempting to pull him down. The screen fades to black. After a few moments, we see Tyrions perspective. Jorah stands over him as his eyes slowly blink open.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. SHORE

JORAH: (Faintly). Tyrion? Tyrion. Tyrion. Tyrion. You're all right.

Tyrion looks around. Jorah helps him up. He unsheathes his knife and cuts Tyrions binds.

JORAH: You're heavier than you look. Did any of them touch you?

TYRION: (Shakes his head). You? (Jorah shakes his head). I've seen greyscale before, but nothing like that.

JORAH: I suppose that's why they send them there.

TYRION: It'd be kinder to put daggers in their hearts and be done with it. (Jorah spits). Thank you for saving me. Of course, I wouldn't have needed saving if you hadn't kidnapped me in the first place. (Jorah gets up). So what now?

JORAH: We walk, up the coast. With luck, we'll find a fishing village. Maybe another boat.

TYRION: Without luck?

JORAH: We've got a long walk ahead of us. I'll get some wood for a fire. Try to get some rest, huh?

TYRION: That's the best idea you've had all day.

Jorah walks away. After looking out for a moment, he stops, and pulls up his sleeve. He examines his wrist, which has the beginnings of greyscale. After a moment, he begins walking again.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE - CHAMBER

Arya cleans, washes, and covers three different bodies. Two Faceless Men come in to carry the body away. Arya tries to follow them but the waif closes and locks the door.

ARYA: What are they doing with the bodies?

WAIF: Get back to work.

ARYA: No! Ive been here for weeks. Im not scrubbing one more corpse until you tell me why Im doing it.

WAIF: You will know why.

ARYA: When?

WAIF: When its time. Not before. Get back to work.

ARYA: When do I get to play the game?

WAIF: Game?

ARYA: The game. The game of faces.

WAIF: You tried already. You failed.

ARYA: I didnt even know I was playing.


WAIF: Who are you?

ARYA: No one.

WAIF: Get back to work.

ARYA: Well who are you? What are you doing here? Howd you get here?

WAIF: Im from Westeros. Just like you. Daughter of a Lord. Just like you. Except I was an only child. Heir to his fortune. My mother died. My father remarried and his new wife gave birth to a girl. My stepmother didnt want any rivals for her precious daughter so she tried to kill me with poison. I found out, sought help from the Faceless Men and my father was widowed again. Ive been serving them ever since.

beat

WAIF: Was that true or a lie?

ARYA: What?

WAIF: Did you believe every word I said?

Arya is unsure.

WAIF: Get back to work.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE - CHAMBERS - NIGHT

Arya is asleep.

JAQEN: Who are you?

Arya wakes up and turns to him.

JAQEN: Who are you?

ARYA: Arya.

JAQEN: And where did you come from?

ARYA: Westeros. My family home is Winterfell. Im the youngest daughter of a great lord. Eddard Stark. He died in battle.

Jaqen hits Arya with a stick.

JAQEN: A lie.

ARYA: After he was executed I fled the capital. Had to kill a stable boy. Drove my sword through his back.

Jaqen hits her again.

JAQEN: A lie.

ARYA: I stabbed him in the gut. I tried to find my mother and brother. I never did. They were murdered by Walder Frey. An outlaw kidnapped me. A man called Polliver.

Jaqen hits her.

JAQEN: A lie.

ARYA: A man called the Hound. Sandor Clegane. He tried to sell me but was wounded in a fight. He begged me to kill him but I wouldnt. I left him in the mountains to die. I wanted him to suffer, I hated him.

Jaqen hits her.

ARYA: I hated him.

Jaqen hits her.

ARYA: I hated him!

Jaqen hits her again.

ARYA: Thats not a lie!

JAQEN: The girl lies. To me. To the Many Faced God. To herself. Does she truly want to be no one?

ARYA: Yes.

Jaqen hits her. Arya starts bleeding from the mouth.

ARYA: Im not playing this stupid game anymore!

JAQEN: We never stop playing.

Jaqen exits the room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. SHORE

Jorah inspects the Grey Scale then covers it up.

TYRION: So, those villages we were supposed to find. We cant live on berries and roots.

JORAH: I can.

TYRION: Youre not hungry?

JORAH: Of course Im hungry.

TYRION: Youre an awful travelling companion, do you know that? Possibly the least charming man I have ever met.

JORAH: I am not your travelling companion.

TYRION: We are travelling together. In each others company. Therefore

JORAH: Do you ever shut up?

TYRION: I sailed from Kings Landing to Pentos in a crate. Without ever saying a word.

Jorah sits down next to Tyrion.

JORAH: Why?

TYRION: Never occurred to you to ask why until now? You never wondered why Tyrion Lannister decided to visit a brothel in Volantis.

JORAH: Im sure youve visited many brothels in many cities.

TYRION: I killed my father. He wanted to execute me for a crime I didnt commit. And he was fucking the woman I loved.

Jorah gets up.

TYRION: As miserable as you are, Mormont, at least your father was a good man.

JORAH: What do you know about my father?

TYRION: I met him. I visited the Wall. When I asked him about his men he knew all the stories, every one of them. He actually cared about the people in his command. How did they put it in the Watch? We shall never see his like again.

Jorah looks stunned.

TYRION: You didnt know. Im sorry. I am.

JORAH: How?

TYRION: I only know what I heard

JORAH (stronger): How?

TYRION: He was leading an expedition beyond the wall. There was a mutiny. He was murdered by his own men.

JORAH: We better keep moving.

He gets up and walks away, then Tyrion.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

Arya is scrubbing the floor. A man carries a young girl in and sets her by the pool. He walks over to Arya and she stops scrubbing.

MAN: Valar morghulis.

ARYA: Valar dohaeris.

MAN: I have nowhere else to go. Ive taken her to every healer in Braavos. Ive spent every penny I had. She suffers every day of her life. I just want it to end.

Arya looks the man in the eyes then walks over to the girl.

GIRL: It hurts.

ARYA: I know. Dont be afraid. I used to be like you. I was sick. I was dying. But my father never gave up on me. He loved me. More than anything in the world, just like your father loves you. So he brought me here. My father prayed to the many faced god. And I drank the water from this fountain. It healed me.

Arya fills a cup with the water.

ARYA: Ive devoted my life to him now. You dont want to hurt anymore. Drink.

The girl takes a sip. Jaqen watches from afar.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE - BODY ROOM

Arya fixes the dead girls hair. Jaqen walks in from the door Arya was trying to open earlier and leads her in. Arya follows him down a staircase lit by fire.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE - HALL OF FACES

Arya looks up and sees the room is filled with columns containing the faces of the dead. She walks through the room, examining the faces.

JAQEN: Is the girl ready to give up her ears, her nose, her tongue, her hopes and dreams, her loves and hates, all that makes a girl who she is, forever?

Arya scans through the faces then fixates on one face in particular - that of an old lady.

JAQEN: No. The girl is not ready to become no one. But she is ready to become someone else.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. COUNTRYSIDE

TYRION: Why Daenerys? Why is she worth all this? As I recall, the Mormonts fought against the Targaryens during Roberts Rebellion.

JORAH: Do you believe in anything?

TYRION: I believe in many things.

JORAH: In something greater than ourselves, I mean. The Gods. Destiny. Do you believe there's a plan for this world?

TYRION: No.

JORAH: Neither did I. I was a cynic, just like you. Then I saw a girl step into a great fire with three stone eggs. When the fire burned out I thought Id find her blackened bones. Instead I found her. Daenerys. Alive and unhurt. Holding her baby dragons. Have you ever heard baby dragons singing?

TYRION: No.

JORAH: It's hard to be a cynic after that.

TYRION: Doesnt mean shes going to be a great queen.

JORAH: No it doesnt.

TYRION: The Targaryens are famously insane. What if she conquers the world? Then what? 1,000 years of peace and prosperity?

JORAH: First we have to conquer the world.

TYRION: We? Alright, lets assume your dreams come true. Shes ecstatic when you bring her this enemy dwarf. She hacks off my head and restores your position. You command her army, sail to Westeros, defeat all your enemies, then watch as she climbs those steps and sits on the Iron Throne. Hurrah, long live the Queen. Then what?

JORAH: Then she rules.

TYRION: So a woman who has not spent a single day of her adult life in Westeros becomes the ruler of Westeros? Thats justice?

JORAH: She is the rightful heir.

TYRION: Why, because her father who burned living men for amusement was the king?

Jorah sees a ship anchored in the middle of the sea and pushes Tyrion behind a rock.

JORAH: Shh! Its a slave ship

TYRION: Why is it anchored?

JORAH: They probably came ashore for--

MALKO: --water.

Malko and his men, all carrying swords, surround Tyrion and Jorah, smiling.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
SAME PLACE - LATER

Tyrion and Jorahs hands are tied. Malko punches Jorah in the face. He gets up.

MALKO: Got a lot of fight in you, huh?

Malko punches Jorah again.

SLAVER: Salt mines.

MALKO: That or a galley slave. He looks strong enough.

SLAVER: What about the dwarf?

MALKO: Worthless. Cut his throat.

The slavers man approaches Tyrion.

TYRION: Wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait, lets discuss this!

MALKO: And then chop off his cock. We can sell it for a fortune. A dwarfs cock has magic powers.

The slaver puts his sword to Tyrions throat.

TYRION: Wait, wait, wait, wait! You cant just hand a dried cock to a merchant and expect him to pay for it. He has to know it came from a dwarf. And how could he know unless he sees the dwarf?

SLAVER: It will be a dwarf-sized cock.

TYRION: Guess again.

Tyrion looks to Malko.

MALKO: The dwarf lives until we find a cock merchant.

The slavers get Jorah and Tyrion to their feet.

JORAH: Queen Daenerys has outlawed slavery.

MALKO: Were bound to Volantis, not Slavers Bay. Besides, she reopened the fighting pits. I never heard of free men fighting in the pits.

TYRION: The fighting puts in Mereen! Youre in luck then, youre about to be rich. You are looking at one of the great warriors in the seven kingdoms.

Malko looks at Tyrion and laughs.

TYRION: (looks at Jorah) Him.

MALKO: Him? Hes got to be 60 years old.

TYRION: Sure, hes a bit long in the tooth, a bit withered, been in the sun too long. We can all see that. But he is a veteran of 100 battles. They wrote songs about him!

Malko gestures to his men to bring Jorah closer.

Malko: Is that true?

Jorah nods.

TYRION: He won the tournament at Lannisport, unseating Ser Jaime Lannister himself.

Malko shakes his head and laughs.

TYRION: The Kingslayer!

MALKO: Jousting. Youre talking about jousting. A fancy game for fancy lads. The men who fight at Mereen will swallow him whole.

JORAH: I killed a Dothraki blood rider in single combat.

Malko jumps up, shocked, and gets in Jorahs face.

MALKO: Liar.

JORAH: Its no lie. His name was Qotho. He was bloodrider to Khal Drogo. Take me to Slavers Bay, put a sword in my hand, Ill prove my worth.

Malko looks in his eyes, smiles, then nods.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. KINGS LANDING - STREETS

Littlefinger walks by the Faith Militant.

LANCEL: Lord Baelish.

BAELISH: Yes? (Lancel approaches him) Lancel Lannister.

LANCEL: Brother Lancel. We abandoned our family names.

BAELISH: Thats quite a family to abandon.

LANCEL: The city has changed since you were here last. We flooded the gutters with wine, smashed the false idols, and sent the godless on the run.

BAELISH: Well done.

He tries to walk past Lancel. Lancel puts his hand on Baelishs shoulder and stops him.

BAELISH: Im here on urgent business for the Queen Mother. Should I send word that Ill be delayed?

Lancel lets go.

LANCEL: Step carefully, Lord Baelish. Youll find that theres little tolerance for flesh peddlers in the new Kings Landing.

BAELISH: We both peddle fantasies, Brother Lancel. Mine just happen to be entertaining.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CERSEIS ROOM

BAELISH: Do you think its wise, your Grace, arresting the heir to Highgarden?

CERSEI: The Faith arrested the heir to Highgarden.

BAELISH: Of course. And the Faith were armed on your orders.

CERSEI: The Kings orders. Is the King to blame for Ser Loras perversion?

BAELISH: House Tyrell wont tolerate these insults.

CERSEI: House Tyrell wont tolerate it? Im the insulted party, Lord Baelish. Ser Loras was promised to me, instead he chose the company of boys.

BAELISH: Ones choice of companion is a curious thing.

Cersei is silent for a moment.

CERSEI: Most curious. Lysa Arryn for instance. A sorrily repellent woman. Forgive me. I know youre still in mourning.

BAELISH: Lysa was a good woman. A kind woman.

CERSEI: She was neither of those things, we both know it. Still, I pity her son. How fortunate that the young Lord of the Vale has a new father to counsel him.

BAELISH: I know how hard it can be to lose both of your parents at such a young age.

CERSEI: If war comes to Westeros will the Knights of the Veil fight for their king?

BAELISH: Young Lord Robyn heeds my advice. And I have always counseled loyalty to the throne.

CERSEI: Good. (Cersei gets up) If theres nothing else.

BAELISH: There is another matter, your Grace. Something so urgent I couldnt trust the words to a raven. You once charged me with finding Arya Stark. To my shame I failed you. But I have found Sansa Stark. Alive, and well, and home again. In Winterfell.

CERSEI: Thats not possible.

BAELISH: My sources are well placed. They tell me Roose Bolton plans to marry her to his son, Ramsay, a bastard recently legitimized by King Tommen.

CERSEI: Roose Bolton is Warden of the North by the grace of my father.

BAELISH: Indeed. As reward for stabbing his own king in the heart.

CERSEI: We were fools to trust a turncloak.

BAELISH: Marrying his son to the last of the Starks gives him more legitimacy in the North than an alliance with a hated southern house.

CERSEI: I will skin him and his bastard like that wretch on that bloody sigil.

BAELISH: I would counsel patience, your grace.

CERSEI: Patience? Sansa helped murder my son, Roose Bolton is a traitor.

BAELISH: Stannis Baratheon is also a traitor, marching with his army on Winterfell. Let Stannis and Roose battle, let the enemies of the throne slaughter each other and when theyre done seize Winterfell from whichever thief survives.

CERSEI: Winterfell is 1,000 miles away from here. The weather has already begun to turn.

BAELISH: That is why it is critical to strike soon, while the victor still licks his wounds. Surely your Uncle Kevan could muster a force.

CERSEI: My Uncle Kevan has all the courage of a kitchen mouse.

BAELISH: Ser Jaime, then.

CERSEI: Jaime is away on a sensitive diplomatic mission. Ive no idea when hell be back.

BAELISH: Perhaps I can help. The Knights of the Vale are some of the best fighters in Westeros, trained to battle in the ice and the snow.

CERSEI: Forgive me Lord Baelish, you have a reputation as a money lender and brothel keeper, not a military man.

BAELISH: You wouldnt risk a single Lannister soldier or a single coin from the Royal Treasury. What do you have to lose, a brothel keeper?

CERSEI: And if you succeed?

BAELISH: Name me Warden of the North.

CERSEI: Ill speak to the king this evening. Have him issue a royal decree.

BAELISH: Ill not rest until the lion flies over Winterfell.

CERSEI: And Ill l know youre a man of your word when I see Sansa Starks head on a spike.

BAELISH: As I said. I live to serve.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. DORNE - GARDEN

Trystane puts a flower in Myrcellas hair.

TRYSTANE: Im going to ask him tomorrow.

MYRCELLA: What if he says no?

TRYSTANE: He wont. Youve waited long enough. I want you to be my wife now. What is it?

MYRCELLA: Do you want to marry me because our families arranged it, or do you

Trystane kisses her in the middle of the sentence. Myrcella pushes him off.

MYRCELLA: We cant. Not yet.

TRYSTANE: Why not?

MYRCELLA: You know why not. Someone will see.

TRYSTANE: You are going to be my wife. I am going to be your husband. We are allowed to walk through the gardens together.

MYRCELLA: How many other girls have you walked through these gardens?

TRYSTANE: I like the way your eyes go squinty when youre jealous.

MYRCELLA: They dont go squinty, and you didnt answer the question.

Cut to Doran and Areo on the balcony.

DORAN: They make a lovely couple. A Lannister and a Martell. They have no idea how dangerous that is. We must protect them.

AREO: Yes, my prince.

DORAN: You have not had to use that axe of yours in a very long time. I hope you remember how.

AREO: I remember how.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. DORNE - COUNTRYSIDE

BRONN (singing): The Dornishmans wife was as fair as the sun and her kisses were warmer than spring. The Dornishmans blade it was made of black steel and its kiss was a terrible thing. The Dornishmans wife would sing as she bathed in a voice that was sweet as a peach...

JAIME: Alright, thats enough.

BRONN: Im coming to the best part.

JAIME: Were trying to blend in. We dont want everyone in Dorne to hear your accent.

BRONN: This song really is all about the ending.

JAIME: It can wait. Up there.

He spots a line of Dornishmen walking towards the Water Gardens.

JAIME: Thats the Water Gardens.

BRONN: Once we got the princess, then what?

JAIME: I like to improvise.

BRONN: That explains the golden hand.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. DORNE - WATER GARDENS

Jaime and Bronn ride in behind common folk carrying meat and other goods. They break off from the pack.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SHADOWY ROOM

ELLARIA: Unbowed, unbent, unbroken. For Oberyn.

SAND SNAKES: For Oberyn.

They storm towards the Water Gardens as Ellaria watches.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WATER GARDENS

Jamie and Bronn converge on Myrcella and Trystane as the Sand Snakes approach. They see the two kissing.

BRONN: Well, shes made herself at home.

They walk over.

JAIME: Myrcella.

They stop kissing.

MYRCELLA: Uncle Jaime? I dont understand, what are you doing here?

JAIME: Lets speak in private.

TRYSTANE: I am Trystane Martell.

MYRCELLA: Trystane is my intended.

JAIME: Excellent. Good to meet you.

Jaime shakes hands with Trystane with his good hand.

TRYSTANE: We werent expecting you, Ser Jaime.

Bronn advances.

BRONN: Why dont you let them have some time alone, son?

Trystane inspects Bronns armor, looking for a sigil.

BRONN: Lets not do something stupid.

Trystane reaches for his sword and Bronn punches him across the face, knocking him out.

MYRCELLA: No!

BRONN: That was something stupid.

JAIME: We have to go, Myrcella, now.

MYRCELLA: You hurt him!

JAIME: Youll be fine, I promise, but we have to--

A whip wraps around Jaimes wrist. The Sand Snakes are here.

BRONN: Oh for fucks sake.

The Sand Snakes attack Jaime and Bronn, one wielding a spear, one wielding a whip, and one wielding a pair of daggers. They occupy Bronn and Jaime long enough for Obara to get to Myrcella.

OBARA: Youre coming with me.

MYRCELLA: I dont want to!

OBARA: I wasnt asking, princess.

Obara starts taking Myrcella out of the gardens. A Sand Snake cuts Bronns arm open. Areo and his men meet Obara as she escapes.

AREO: Drop you weapons!

The rest of Areos men surround the Sand Snakes, Bronn, and Jaime.

OBARA: I am Obara Sand. Daughter of Oberyn Martell. I fight for Dorne. Who do you fight for?

AREO: Drop your weapons!

The Snakes drop their weapons. Jaime stares down Areo, sword still in hand. Areo puts his axe to Jaimes neck.

AREO: When you were whole, it would have been a good fight.

Jaime drops the sword, Areos men grab him. Bronn drops his sword.

BRONN (to Snake): You fight pretty good for a little girl.

She screams at Bronn and is restrained by Areos men. They are all escorted away. The rest of Areos men corner Elaria in the room outside the Gardens.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. THE KINGSROAD

A carriage rides on the outskirts of Kings Landing.

RIDER: Halt!

Cut to inside the carriage.

OLENNA: Oh! You can smell the shit from 5 miles away. Well, why are we stopped, go on.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. KINGS LANDING - GARDEN

OLENNA: Rumors and gossip, thats all they got. Its theater, nothing more. If they arrested all the pillow biters in Kings Landing thered be no room left in the dungeons for anyone else.

MARGAERY: Everyone knew about him and Renly.

OLENNA: Renly Baratheon shagged half the stable boys in the Seven Kingdoms. Everyone knew. No one cared.

MARGAERY: But he was the kings brother.

OLENNA: And Loras is the queens brother. No, no, no, no, this is unacceptable.

MARGAERY: Cersei is behind this.

OLENNA: Of course she is. She wants to drag our names through the dirt. Put us in our place. Get some rest, dear, you look appalling. Let me deal with Cersei Lannister.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CERSEIS ROOM

Cersei writes at her desk without acknowledging Olenna.

OLENNA: Your Grace, I have travelled a long way.

CERSEI: You must be exhausted.

OLENNA: Put the pen down, dear, we all know you arent writing anything.

CERSEI: Ah, yes, the famously tart-tongued queen of thorns.

OLENNA: And the famous tart Queen Cersei.

CERSEI: Beg your pardon.

OLENNA: I know youre behind this absurd incarceration of my grandson.

CERSEI: If you apologize for that comment perhaps--

OLENNA: Youll get your apology when I get Loras.

CERSEI: I was as shocked as anyone when The Faith arrested Ser Loras. I have no love for these fanatics. But what can the queen mother do?

OLENNA: Has the crown suddenly stopped needing the troops, gold, and wheat my house supplies?

CERSEI: I assure you our alliance with House Tyrell remains--

OLENNA: Do you expect the alliance to continue after youve thrown our future into prison?

CERSEI: As I said, i didnt imprison anyone. As for your veiled threats--

OLENNA: What veil?

CERSEI: The Lannister-Tyrell alliance brought peace to a war-torn country. Do you really want to see the Seven Kingdoms slide back into warfare?

OLENNA: I didnt trust your father. I didnt particularly like him. But I respected him. He was no fool. He understood that sometimes we must work with our rivals rather than destroy them.

CERSEI: House Lannister has no rival. The High Septon has called for an inquest, not a trial. Just a small hearing to determine whether the charges against Loras have merit, which Im sure they dont. Loras will be freed, our happy alliance will continue, and well forget this unfortunate conversation ever happened. Good day, Lady Olenna.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HIGH SEPTONS ROOM

HIGH SPARROW: You are aware of the rumors concerning you and Renly?

LORAS: I dont pay attention to rumors.

SPARROW: You were said to be despondent when he died. Witnesses said that you refused to leave his bedside, even as Stannis army closed in

LORAS: He was my friend. He was my king.

SPARROW: Wasnt Joffrey your king? He was anointed by the 7, not Renly.

LORAS: I was wrong to support Renlys claim. I know that. But I was forgiven by Joffrey. I fought for him at the Battle of the Blackwater.

SPARROW: Wearing Renlys armor.

LORAS: Why does it matter what I wore?

SPARROW: Do you deny all of the charges against you? Fornication, buggery, blasphemy.

LORAS: Of course I deny them.

SPARROW: You never lay with Renly Baratheon.

LORAS: Never.

SPARROW: Nor any other man.

LORAS: Never.

SPARROW: That will be all Ser Loras.

Loras walks back to his seat.

OLENNA: Well I think thats quite enough of that.

SPARROW: Faith calls Queen Margaery forward.

MARGAERY: You call me forward?

SPARROW: Yes. We have some questions for you.

MARGAERY: I am the queen.

SPARROW: You are. And according to Law of the Seven, neither kings nor queens are exempt from testimony at a holy inquest.

Margaery walks to the stand.

SPARROW: How do you respond to these charges against your brother?

MARGAERY: They are lies.

SPARROW: All of them?

MARGAERY: All of them.

SPARROW: Queen Margaery, in the presence of the gods, do you swear that your brother is innocent of these charges against him, to the best of your knowledge?

MARGAERY: Yes, I swear it.

SPARROW: Thank you, your grace.

The Faith brings Olyvar in. Loras looks shocked. Cersei gives a thin smile.

SPARROW: Do you know this man?

OLYVAR: Yes, very well. He is Ser Loras Tyrell, heir to Highgarden.

SPARROW: How did you come to meet?

OLYVAR: I squired for him. He took a liking to me. He summoned me to his chamber the first day we met.

SPARROW: And what occurred in his chamber?

OLYVAR: We engaged in intimate relations.

SPARROW: You laid with him?

OLYVAR: That night and many others.

LORAS: Liar! Hes a liar!

SPARROW: Is there anyone else who can support your claim?

OLYVAR: Yes, yes, Queen Margaery. She walked in on us once not long ago. She didnt seem surprised.

CERSEI: This testimony is an insult to a great house. Why should The Faith or anyone else take the word of a squire over the heir to Highgarden?

OLYVAR: He has a birthmark, your grace. Quite high on his thigh, wine-colored, and roughly the shape of Dorne.

Loras jumps at Olyvar and The Faith restrains him. Margaery and Olenna get up to leave and The Faith blocks their way.

LORAS: Liar!

OLENNA: What are you doing? Let us pass.

SPARROW: The Faith is satisfied that there is enough evidence to bring a formal trial for Ser Loras... and Queen Margaery.

MARGAERY: What?

SPARROW: Bearing false witness before the gods is as grave a sin as any. Take her.

The Faith grabs her and carries her out of the room.

MARGAERY: Tommen! Tommen!

King Tommen looks around the room, unsure of what to do.

MARGAERY: You cant do this, I am the queen! Tommen, Tommen! I am your queen, how dare you!

Olenna glares at Cersei. Cersei smiles back.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. WINTERFELL - SANSAS CHAMBER

Sansa looks at herself in the mirror. She hears a knock and opens the door. It's Myranda.

SANSA: What do you want?

MYRANDA: Lord Ramsay sent me to draw your bath, my lady. You want to be clean and fresh for your new husband dont you?

Cut to Sansa in the bath. Myranda washes the black dye out of Sansas hair.

MYRANDA: Youre so beautiful. But if you need to keep him happy. Ramsay gets bored easily. You dont want to end up like... Well, like the others.

SANSA: What others?

MYRANDA: I shouldnt gossip. Its good to see the red again. No point in hiding anymore.

SANSA: What others?

MYRANDA: Lets see. There was Kiera. The blacksmiths daughter. She was tall. Like you. Lovely figure. But she talked and talked and talked and Ramsay got tired of that. Then there was Violet. She had gorgeous blond hair. But she got pregnant and, well, that was boring. Then Tamsay. Such a sweet girl. Of course sweet girls get a bit dull after a while, dont they? Ramsay let me come with him on that hunt.

SANSA: Hunt?

MYRANDA: Mm. Have you ever seen a body after the dogs have been at it? Not so pretty. But its your wedding day, why am I talking about such things?

SANSA: What was your name again?

MYRANDA: Myranda.

SANSA: And how long have you loved him, Myranda. Did you imagine that he would be with you forever, is that it? Then I came along and ruined it. I am Sansa Stark of Winterfell. This is my home and you cant frighten me.

MYRANDA: Are you done with your bath, my lady?

SANSA: Go. I can finish on my own.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. SANSAS ROOM - MORNING

Snow falls outside. There is a knock on the door.

SANSA: Yes?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SANSAS ROOM

Theon enters.

THEON: Ive come to escort you to the Godswood, my lady. If you please, my lady, will you take my arm?

SANSA: No.

THEON: Lord Ramsay, he said I'm to take your arm.

SANSA: Im not touching you.

THEON: Please. Hell punish me.

SANSA: Do you think I care what he does to you.

Sansa leaves the room without Theon.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. THE GODSWOOD

Sansa walks to the Godswood with Theon. Ramsay is waiting alongside his father and with the Bolton men forming an aisle. Roose walks forward.

ROOSE: Who comes before the Old Gods this night?

THEON: Sansa of the House Stark comes here to be wed. A woman grown, trueborn and noble. She comes to beg the blessings of the gods. Who comes to claim her?

Ramsay steps forward.

RAMSAY: Ramsay of House Bolton. Heir to the Dreadfort and Winterfell. Who gives her?

THEON: Theon of House Greyjoy. Who was who was her fathers ward.

ROOSE: Lady Sansa, will you take this man?

Long pause. Cut to Ramsay, Walda, and Myranda. Sansa steps forward.

SANSA: I take this man.

Ramsay smiles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. RAMSAYS CHAMBERS

Theon opens the door for Ramsay and Sansa.

RAMSAY: Are you pleased my lady?

Sansa nods.

RAMSAY: Good. I want you to be happy. My father said youre still a virgin.

SANSA: Yes.

RAMSAY: Why? Why are you still a virgin? Afraid of dwarves?

SANSA: Lord Tyrion was kind, he was gentle, he never touched me.

RAMSAY: Youre not lying to me?

SANSA: No, my lord.

RAMSAY: Lying to your husband on his wedding night, that would be a very bad way to start a marriage. We are man and wife now, we should be honest with each other, dont you think?

SANSA: Yes sir.

Ramsay kisses her.

RAMSAY: Good. Now take off your clothes.

Theon starts to leave.

RAMSAY: Oh, no no no. You stay here Reek. You watch. (to Sansa) Do I need to ask a second time? I hate asking a second time.

Sansa starts to undo her coat. Theon closes the door.

RAMSAY: Reek? I told you to watch.

Theon looks up.

RAMSAY: Youve known Sansa since she was a girl. Now watch her become a woman.

Ramsay rips Sansas coat open and pushes her onto the bed. We hear clothes ripping. A belt being undone. Sansa starts moaning. Close up on Theon crying.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

EXT. CASTLE BLACK

Men of the Nights Watch prepare the horses as snow falls on Castle Black. Thormund is brought before Jon. Jon looks at him, nods, and a Brother removes Tormunds chains. Thormund raises his free hands to Ser Alliser in the distance and is carried away. Jon walks over to Alliser.

JON: First Ranger, you have command of Castle Black.

ALLISER: Lord Commander, it is my duty to tell you I believe this mission to be reckless, foolhardy, and an insult to all of the Brothers that have died fighting the wildlings.

Cut to Olly watching their conversation from afar.

JON: As always, thank you for your honesty.

Jon walks away to Sam.

SAM: Safe travels, Lord Commander.

JON: Thank you, Sam.

SAM: Oh, and

Sam hands him a wrapped package. Jon opens it to find a sword.

SAM: Its Dragonglass. Its what I used to kill the White Walker. I hope you dont need them.

JON: Me too.

They hug. Jon gets on a horse next to Tormund and rides away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - MAESTOR AEMONS ROOM

AEMON: There he is. That laugh. Egg! Egg laughed like that. One of the first things I remember about him.

Gilly looks at Sam, confused.

SAM: His little brother, Aegon. He became king.

AEMON: And before that, he was a jolly fellow. Like this one.

Aemons mood changes, he suddenly becomes panicked.

AEMON: Get him south, Gillyflower. Before its too late.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. WINTERFELL - HALLWAY

Theon carries a food plate across the hall. He arrives at a door and unlocks it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SANSAS ROOM

Sansa is sleeping. Theon approaches and closes a window, waking Sansa.

SANSA: Theon, wait.

THEON: Not Theon, my lady. Reek.

Sansa sits up in bed, revealing cuts and bruises along her arms.

SANSA: Help me.

THEON: Youre his wife now.

SANSA: Theon

THEON: Do what he says. Do what he says or hell hurt you.

SANSA: He already hurts me every night. All day Im locked in this room and every night he comes. It cant be worse.

THEON: It can. It can always be worse.

Sansa stands up.

SANSA: What did he do to you?

THEON: Please

Theon goes for the door. Sansa runs to the door and blocks him from leaving.

SANSA: You betrayed my family!

THEON: Im sorry. Im sorry!

SANSA: You have to help me!

THEON: Hell see us. You dont know him.

SANSA: My family still has friends in the North. All I have to do is give a signal and theyll rescue me. Climb to the top of the Broken Tower, light this candle, and put it in the window. Promise me, Theon.

THEON: Reek, my lady, Reek!

SANSA: Your name is Theon Greyjoy. Last surviving son of Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands, do you hear me? Theon. Promise me.

Theon hesitates, nods, and exits the room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL

Theon walks across Winterfell with the Broken Tower in the background.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. WINTERFELL - BROKEN TOWER

Theon climbs the stairs to the top floor. He opens the door to see Ramsay eating.

RAMSAY: Yes, Reek?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. OUTSIDE WINTERFELL

Brienne stares at the top floor of the Broken Tower from beyond the walls of Winterfell.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - AEMONS ROOM

Close-up on a candle, then Gillys baby.

AEMON: Egg! Egg! Mothers looking for you! Egg!

GILLY: Get some sleep, Sam. Youll have to speak for him tomorrow.

SAM: You dont know that.

GILLY: Get some sleep. Ill watch over him.

SAM: Ill stay too. Hes always been good to me. I cant leave him now.

AEMON (panicked): Egg! Egg.. I dreamed... that I was old

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. CASTLE BLACK

Close up on Maester Aemons funeral pyre.

SAM: His name was Aemon Targaryen. He came to us from Kings Landing, a Maester of the Citadel, chained and sworn.And a sworn brother of the Nights Watch, ever faithful. No man was wiser or gentler or kinder. At the Wall a dozen Lord Commanders came and went during his years of service, but he was always there to counsel them. He was the blood of the dragon, but now his fire has gone out. And now his watch has ended.

BROTHERS: And now his watch has ended.

Sam lights the pyre, then hands the torch to Alliser, who lights it then passes it along.

ALLISER: Youre losing all your friends, Tarly.

Sam looks up to see a Brother glaring at him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL

Sansa walks up to Ramsay.

RAMSAY: My beautiful wife.

He kisses her.

RAMSAY: When my father told me we were marrying I half expected a fat, bearded beast. Do you know how pleased I was when I saw you? Youve made me very happy.

They start walking down stairs. Sansa grabs a cross in the snow before they leave.

RAMSAY: Our scouts report that Stannis Baratheon rides for Winterfell. Hes a respected commander. His troops are loyal and battle tested. Hes hired thousands of foreign sell swords to bolster his army. But this storm was a stroke of luck for us northerners. Our people are used to fighting in frost. His armys out there now, suffering in the snow. One day Ill be Lord of Winterfell, and Warden of the North. Youll be my Lady and Wardeness.

SANSA: But isnt your step mother pregnant?

RAMSAY: What of it?

SANSA: What happens if she has a boy?

RAMSAY: Then Ill have a baby brother.

SANSA: But hell be the heir.

RAMSAY: Im Lord Boltons eldest son.

SANSA: But youre a bastard, a true born will always have the stronger claim.

Ramsay stops walking.

RAMSAY: Ive been naturalized by a royal decree of--

SANSA: Tommen Baratheon. Another bastard.

They start walking again.

RAMSAY: Bastards can rise high in the world. Like your half-brother Jon Snow. Born The Bastard of Winterfell, now the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch.

Sansa looks shocked.

RAMSAY: You didnt know? Yes, hes done very well for himself. Ah. I near forgot why I asked you to join me. Come, my lady.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL

The woman who visited Sansas chamber previously is out in the open, flayed to death.

RAMSAY: Your Northern friend. Reek told me you wanted to leave.

Cut to Theon looking terrified.

RAMSAY: Why? Winterfell is your home and I am your husband.

Sansa continues to look at the woman, horrified.

RAMSAY: Tough old bird. Everyone talks when I start beating them. But this one. Her heart gave out before I got to her face. We do breed them tough in the North. Bring my wife back to her chamber. Its far too cold out here for a lady. You should hold on to your candles. The nights are so long now.

He kisses her on the cheek then she is carried away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. STANNIS CAMP

Davos rides through the camp on horseback, observing the men as they cough and huddle around each other. The snow is falling hard.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. STANNIS CAMP - STANNIS TENT

DAVOS: 40 horses died in the night. Well lose more come sunset. Were running out of food. We cant open the supply line until the snow clears.

STANNIS: What else?

DAVOS: The Stormcrows rode off last night.

STANNIS: 500 men.

Davos nods. Stannis removes a Baratheon piece from his chess board.

STANNIS: Sell swords, loyal to nothing but gold.

DAVOS: We still have a hard march to Wintefell and we wont be marching anywhere in this weather.

STANNIS: And?

DAVOS: This isnt our time, we should head back to Castle Black when the snow clears.

STANNIS: I retreated from Kings Landing, Ser Davos. If I retreat again, I become The King Who Ran.

DAVOS: Your Grace..

STANNIS: Winter is coming. Those arent just the Stark words, its a fact. If we march back to Castle Black, we winter at Castle Black. And who can say how many years this winter will last.

DAVOS: Its better to wait for the right time than to risk everything.

STANNIS: This is the right time, and I will risk everything. Because if I don't, weve lost. We march to victory or we march to defeat, but we go forward only forward,

Davos looks to Melisandre, lurking in the back of the tent.

DAVOS: Your Grace. (leaves)

STANNIS (to Melisandre): Ive trusted in your visions, in your prophecies for years.

MELISANDRE: You saw it yourself, my king, when you stared into the flames. A great battle in the snow.

STANNIS: I dont know what I saw.

MELISANDRE: You do know. Trust yourself.

STANNIS: And you, do you trust yourself?

MELISANDRE: I trust in the Lord.

STANNIS: Are you sure?

MELISANDRE: I have seen myself walk along the battlements of Wintefell. I have seen the flayed men banners lowered to the ground.

She flips the Bolton pieces over on Stannis board.

MELISANDRE: But sometimes sacrifices must be made to ensure victory. I have shown you the power of king's blood. The Usurper Robb Stark. The Usurper Joffrey Baratheon.

STANNIS: We dont have Roberts bastard here.

MELISANDRE: No, we have someone better, and your blood runs through her veins.

STANNIS: Have you lost your mind?

MELISANDRE: Do you doubt me still? After all that youve seen?

STANNIS: There must be another way. Leeches or something.

MELISANDRE: There is only one way. You must become king before the Long Night begins. Only you can lead the living against the dead. All your life has led us to this moment. To this decision.

STANNIS: Shes my daughter.

Melisandre embraces him.

STANNIS: Get out.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - WASH ROOM

Gilly washes clothes. Two Brothers walk into the room.

DERRYK: The beauty from beyond The Wall.

Gilly starts walking away.

BRAND: Where are you going, huh? Arent we better looking than the fat man?

DERRYK: The question is, is she pretty down south in the real world, or is she pretty because shes the only girl here?

BRAND: Even in White Harbor, Id want a kiss.

DERRYK: Come on love, give us a kiss.

GILLY: Leave me alone.

DERRYK: If you were my girl I wouldnt leave you alone.

BRAND: One little kiss.

DERRYK: Come on, give him a kiss.

BRAND: A man gets lonely guarding the Wall.

She tries to walk away. They slap the laundry basket out of her hands and trap her.

BRAND: Theres no need to be rude.

DERRYK: We just want a little affection.

She slaps Derryk across the face. Sam enters the room and pulls out his sword.

SAM: Get your hands off her. Brother Derryk. Brother Brand. I believe you both have guard duty tonight.

BRAND: Sam the Slayer. Are you gonna slay me with that sword?

DERRYK: Look at his hands shaking.

SAM: Gilly go on, Get back to your room and lock the door.

Derryk throws her to the floor.

SAM: Im warning you.

DERRYK: Come on! Come on!

Sam swings the sword. It is deflected and he is subdued. Derryk punches him in the gut then starts kicking him.

DERRYK: You lying sack of shit! Killed a White Walker, eh? You fatass fuck. Come on, get up. (to Gilly) Hes your hero. Hes a hog!

GILLY: Leave him alone!

She charges at Derryk. He subdues her.

DERRYK: Stubborn little wilding bitch arent ya?

Brand kicks Sam in the face.

GILLY: Sam! Sam! Sam!

He punches Sam repeatedly in the face until he seems to lose consciousness.

BRAND: Alright. Hold still.

They both hold Gilly down as she screams. Sam gets back up.

SAM: I said get your hands off her.

BRAND: Youre gonna get yourself killed.

DERRYK: Roll over. Jon Snows not here to save you.

SAM: I killed a White Walker. I killed a Thenn. Ill take my chances with you.

Ghost shows up and growls at the brothers. They sprint out of the room. Sam falls to his knees.

GILLY: Sam!

SAM: Im alright.

GILLY: Youre not.

SAMMY: Just a bit woozy.

Sam collapses onto his side.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - BEDROOM

Gilly washes out Sams wounds with a wash cloth.

GILLY: The next time you see something like that you leave it alone.

SAM: I will not. They wouldve I dont know what they would have done

GILLY: I know they would have killed you if Ghost hadnt come.

SAM: No. They were tiring out. I had them in the palm of my hand.

GILLY: Dont be stupid Sam, youre not a fighter.

SAM: What kind of man would I be if I ran away when I saw someone hurting you?

GILLY: Just promise me that whatever happens youll take care of little Sam.

SAM: Of course I will. And Ill take care of you, too.

GILLY: I need more water.

She gets up. Sam grabs her arm.

SAM: Stay. Please.

Gilly gets on top of Sam and starts kissing him. She gets back up, and puts her hands around his neck and starts kissing him again.

GILLY: Am I hurting you?

He shakes his head no.

GILLY: Are you sure?

Sam nods yes. She pulls his pants down, pulls her dress up, and starts riding him.

SAM: Oh. Oh my.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. VOLANTIS - SLAVERS AUCTION

The slaves are carried up to the auction stage. One of Malkos men whips Tyrion.

MALKO: A rare find for the fighting pits, my friends. Not your usual street tough old drunken pirate. This ones a Westerosi knight from an ancient house, trained in sword and lance. he fought beside the Stag King Robert on the far side of the Narrow Sea. He was first from the breach during the siege of Pyke, slaughtering 50 men with his flaming sword. He killed the great Khal Drogo in single combat. Betrayed by his woman, he sold himself into slavery to repay his debts. Bidding begins at 12 gold honors.

A hand goes up.

MALKO: 13. Do I have 14?

A hand goes up.

MALKO: 15? 15 golds honors. Do I have 16?

A man in the front who has been studying Jorah intently raises his hand.

SLAVE BUYER: 20.

MALKO: Sold!

Jorah is taken away.

TYRION: Wait! You have to buy me as well.

BUYER: Why?

TYRION: Were a team. Im a great fighter, too.

The crowd laughs.

MALKO: Hes funny. You have to give him that.

The man holding Tyrions chains laughs at him. Tyrion yanks his chains, pulling the man to the ground, and starts beating on him with the chains as the crowd roars. Tyrion kicks him in the head then looks to the buyer.

BUYER: Alright. Hes funny.

He hands Malko coins.

TYRION: Thank you my Lord. Thank you.

BUYER: Yes.

TYRION: My Lord, if I may. Ive heard Mereens become a free city. You might run into trouble if you try to fight slaves in the fighting pits. Now if you were to fight free men who were paid a wage

The buyer hits Tyrion in the mouth then tosses him a few coins.

BUER: Heres your wages, funny man. Itll last the rest of your life.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEREEN - DAENERYS CHAMBER

DAARIO: How long before the king of Mereen comes to claim my pillow?

DAENERYS: Dont be ridiculous. My marriage to Hizdahr is political. I think hes smart enough to understand that.

DAARIO: I think the Sons of the Harpy have stopped killing because their leader was made king.

DAENERYS: Are you jealous?

DAARIO: Do you think Im petty enough to speak ill of a man just because he represents competition?

DAENERYS: I do.

Daario laughs.

DAARIO: Youre right. My motivations are entirely impure.

They start kissing.

DAARIO: Doesnt make me wrong.

DAENERYS: You told me yourself, I cant fight enemies within and without. So when enemies from without come knocking, I need the city of Mereen behind me. I have no choice.

DAARIO: Everyone has a choice. Even slaves have a choice. Death or slavery.

DAENERYS: So what else can I do?

DAARIO: Marry me instead.

DAENERYS: Even if I wanted to do such an inadviseable thing, I couldnt.

DAARIO: Why not? Youre our queen, you can do as you like.

DAENERYS: No. I cant

DAARIO: Then you are the only person in Mereen whos not free.

Daenerys sits up in bed.

DAARIO: I know Im here to serve my queen and not to give advice, but can I make one more suggestion?

DAENERYS: Of course

DAARIO: On the day of the Great Games, gather all the great masters, and wise masters, and worthy masters you can find, and slaughter them all.

DAENERYS: I am a queen. Not a butcher.

DAARIO: All rulers are either butchers or meat.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. KINGS LANDING - GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

OLENNA: You there! Where would I find the High Septon, or High Sparrow, or whatever bloody fool name hes got.

HIGH SPARROW: Its not as good a name as Queen of Thorns, Ill admit.

OLENNA: You should have the decency to stand when you talk to a lady.

SPARROW: You should have the decency to kneel before the gods

OLENNA: Dont spar with me little fellow.

The High Septon gets up.

SPARROW: For me, its the knees. You?

OLENNA: Hips.

SPARROW: Huh.

OLENNA: A man of the people, is that your game? Its an old game. dull and unconvincing. A man of the people who does Cerseis dirty work for her.

SPARROW: The people always do the dirty work.

OLENNA: Spare me the homilies, I can smell a fraud from a mile away.

SPARROW: A useful talent.

OLENNA: Im here for my grandson and granddaughter.

SPARROW: Your grandson and granddaughter swore sacred vows and lied. The Father judges us all. Sons of high lords, sons of fishermen. If you break his laws you will be punished.

The High Sparrow heads for the door.

OLENNA: Dont you walk away from me.

SPARROW: You dont give commands here, Lady Olenna.

OLENNA: What is it you want? Gold? Ill make you the richest septon who ever lived.

The High Sparrow laughs.

OLENNA: What then?

SPARROW: I imagine this is strange for you. Everyone you meet has a hidden motive, and you pride yourself on slitting in and out. But Im telling you a simple truth: I serve the gods. The gods demand justice.

OLENNA: How do they communicate their demands? By raven or horse?

SPARROW: By the holy text. The seven pointed star. If you dont have one in your library Ill give you my own.

OLENNA (with contempt): Ive read the seven pointed star.

SPARROW: Then youll remember the passages concerning buggery and perjury. Your grandchildren will be punished in the same manner as anyone who breaks the sacred laws.

OLENNA: Half the men, women, and children in this foul city break the sacred laws. You live among murderers, thieves, and rapists. And yet you punish Loras for shagging and Margaery for defending her brother?

SPARROW: Yes. The Gods laws must be applied to all equally.

OLENNA: If its equality you want then so be it. When House Tyrell stops sending our crops to the capital, everyone here will starve. And Ill make sure the hungry know who to blame,

SPARROW: Have you ever served the field, Lady Olenna? Have you ever reaped the grain? Has anyone in House Tyrell? A lifetime of wealth and power has left you blind in one eye. You are the few. We are the many. And when the many stop fearing the few

He walks out of the room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. SEPT OF BAELOR

SQUIRE: Lady Olenna.

He hands her a letter with Baelish's mockingbird sigil.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. KINGS LANDING - DINING ROOM

CERSEI: Starving yourself won't make things any better for her, my love.

TOMMEN: Shes in a prison cell and theres nothing I can do. I am the king! The queen is in prison and theres nothing I can do!

Tommen walks to the window. Cersei joins him.

CERSEI: No matter who you are, no matter how strong you are, sooner or later, you'll face circumstances beyond your control.
Events you couldn't possibly have anticipated or prevented even if you had. You cannot blame yourself for fate. Your father, your brother, your grandfather-- I was Queen of the Seven Kingdoms and what could I do? Hold them as they left this world. Kissed their heads after they'd gone.

TOMMEN: Ill call in the army. Ill take back the sept and kill every last one of them. Ill start a war if I have to.

CERSEI: You know as well as I do who the first casualty in that war would be.

TOMMEN: I love her. I love her. I cant help her.

CERSEI: We must be strong for those we love. We cannot give in to despair.

TOMMEN: I will speak to the high sparrow. There must be something--

CERSEI: Let me speak to him on your behalf. The king cannot dirty sully himself negotiating with an unwashed fanatic.

CERSEI: Your happiness is all I want in this world

TOMMEN: I know.

CERSEI: No you dont. You cant possibly. Not until you have children of your own. I would do anything for you. Anything to keep you from harm. I would burn cities to the ground.That is all that matters. You and your sister. From the moment you came into this world, my boy. My only boy.

Cersei embraces him and starts crying.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DORNE

Jaime is being kept in a closely monitored room.

AREO: Prince Doran hopes this satisfies your concerns about the princesss wellbeing.

Areo brings Myrcella into the room.

MYRCELLA: You looked different when I left. You had more hair.

JAIME: And more hands. Hows Trystane?

MYRCELLA: Hell be alright.

JAIME: Im sorry for that. It wasnt supposed to happen that way.

MYRCELLA: Why is it happening at all?

JAIME: Your mothers worried about you. Threats have been made. Dorne is too dangerous for you. Ive come to take you home.

MYRCELLA: This is my home, this has been my home for years. I didnt want to come here but she told me to. I did what she said, I did my duty and now shes forcing me to go back?

JAIME: It's for your own good. These are complicated matters.

MYRCELLA: Its not complicated at all, its simple. I love Trystane, Im going to marry him, and were staying right here.

JAIME: I dont understand.

MYRCELLA: Of course you dont! You dont know me!

Myrcella leaves the room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DORNE - CELL

BRONN (singing): Brothers oh brothers, my days here are done, the Dornishmans taken my life. Bur what does it matter, for all men must die, and Ive tasted the Dornishmans wife! Yes Ive tasted the Dornishmans wife!

In the adjacent cell to Bronn, Tyene claps as the other Snakes glare at her.

TYENE: Hes got a good voice.

OBARA: Were lucky hes a singer. If he were a fighter we might have been in trouble.

BRONN: Its against my code to hurt a woman.

OBARA: Its amazing how many men we beat seem to have this code.

BRONN: I wouldnt say you beat me.

TYENE: Hows your arm?

BRONN: Wonderful. Wouldnt feel right to leave Dorne without a new scar.

TYENE: You think youre leaving Dorne?

BRONN: No great hurry. Dornish women are the most beautiful women in the world.

TYENE: Thank you.

BRONN: I said Dornish women. I didnt say you.

TYENE: Im not the most beautiful woman youve ever seen?

BRONN: Ive seen quite a few women in all the Seven Kingdoms.

TYENE: Name one more beautiful than I am.

BRONN: Well now, in Kings Landing there was an absolutely gorgeous...

Tyene takes one of her breasts out of her tunic.

TYENE: There was a what? In Kings Landing you were saying.

BRONN: Was I?

TYENE: There was a woman more beautiful than I am.

Tyene takes both her breasts out.

BRONN: Was there? My memorys not what it was earlier.

TYENE: Hows your arm now?

BRONN: You seem concerned with it. You must really like me.

Tyene undoes the rest of her tunic.

TYENE: And how about your head?

BRONN: My head You dont even wanna know whats going on in

As Bronn scans her naked body, his vision starts to blur and he collapses to the ground.

TYENE: Your nose is bleeding.

BRONN: Its nothing. Its the dry air.

TYENE: My dagger was coated with a special ointment from Asshei. They call it the Long Farewell. It takes time to work, but if a single drop makes contact with the skin, death.

She holds a tiny blue cap up to Bronn from her cell.

TYENE: The only antidote. Whos the most beautiful woman in the world?

Bronn gasps for breath.

TYENE: Sorry? Who?

BRONN (finally): You.

TYENE: Dont drop it.

Tyene tosses it into his cell and Bronn downs it.

TYENE: I think youre very handsome as well.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. KINGS LANDING - BAELISHS BROTHEL

Littlefinger peers at the Great Sept of Baelor through the window. The brothel is destroyed, with many seven-pointed stars scribbled on the floor, walls, and artwork.

BAELISH: Im sorry about the locale.

OLENNA: No youre not.

BAELISH: It felt like the safest place.

OLENNA: Not for your clientele, clearly.

BAELISH: It was an establishment like no other. The sheer range of appetites catered to, desires that didnt exist until we invented them.

OLENNA: Youve always been rather impressed with yourself, havent you?

BAELISH: The past is the past. The future is all thats worth discussing. The future of House Tyrell.

OLENNA: Dont pretend to have any concern for my house, my grandchildren, or me. I should have known youd return to the capital once things started going wrong.

BAELISH: I promise you..

OLENNA: I promise you, Lord Baelish, that our fates are joined. Together we murdered a king. And if my house should fall, I would have nothing to hide. And if i should meet with some accident here at this broken little flesh market, theyll never even find whats left of you. So do you deny a part in all of this?

BAELISH: Cersei summoned me to Kings Landing. I dared not refuse her.

OLENNA: And what did she want?

BAELISH: A piece of info that she know that I had. Neither silence nor lies were an option. But I have other information of which she is unaware. And as you say, our interests are aligned. I have a gift for you.

OLENNA: What kind of gift?

BAELISH: The same kind I gave Cersei. A handsome young man.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEREEN - FIGHTING PITS - WAITING AREA

Gladiators prepare their swords and armor.

SLAVE OWNER: Many worthy fighters have died trying to make it to the Great Games. When most of you worthless scum join them in death this afternoon it will represent a significant rise in your station. But if you happen to triumph here you will fight at the great pit of Daznak itself in front of the queen. So whatever happens, the gods have smiled upon you today. Today is the day your lives actually start to mean something.

Close-up on Jorah.

OWNER (O.S.): You and you, you, you two, you, you, and you.

Jorah is not one of the gladiators selected.

OWNER: Valar morghulis.

MEN: Valar dohaeris.

OWNER: Prepare yourselves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. FIGHTING PIT

DAENERYS: Sitting through the great games will be bad enough.

HIZDAHR: For generations, in the days leading up to the great games, it has been customary for our ruler to make the rounds to the lower pits to pay the fighters there the honor of her presence.

The fighters enter the pit.

OWNER: Move yourselves!

The slave owner sees Daenerys and runs in front of her and Hizdahr.

OWNER: Your Grace. Your Future Grace. You honor us all.

The owner gets all his gladiators to face Dany, whispering instructions to them.

OWNER: We fight and die for your glory, O glorious queen.

MEN: We fight and die for your glory, O glorious queen.

The fight begins
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. FIGHTING PIT - WAITING AREA

Jorah hears O glorious queen and runs to the edge of the pit. He sees Daenerys through the grated entrance to the ring.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. FIGHTING PIT

One bald gladiator dominates the pit. He slits one fighters throat, and slices another fighters leg as he runs away.

DAENERYS: I think Ive seen enough.

HIZDAHR: Your Grace, its a tradition for the queen to stay until the victor has emerged.

DAENERYS: Ive sacrificed more than enough for your traditions.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. FIGHTING PIT - WAITING AREA

Jorah straps a helmet on.

TYRION: What are you doing?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. FIGHTING PIT

Jorah rushes the pit. His owner tries to stop him but he knocks him out with the butt of his sword. Jorah takes out the bald man as he was smashing a mans head in with a rock. Daenerys takes notice of the fighter but cant see his face.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. FIGHTING PIT - WAITING AREA

The other gladiators that werent chosen to fight follow Jorahs lead and enter the ring. Tyrion tries but is chained up. He starts sawing at his chain.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. FIGHTING PIT

Jorah melees a fighter with a shield, then knocks another out with his own helmet.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. FIGHTING PIT - WAITING AREA

A giant man sees Tyrion sawing at his chains. He raises a giant sword above Tyrions head, but comes down on the chain, freeing Tyrion. Tyrion nods in thanks.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. FIGHTING PIT

Daenerys is watching intently now. Jorah is the last man standing. He walks up to Daenerys and Hizdahr and removes his helmet. She stares at him for a moment.

DAENERYS: Get him out of my sight.

Her men grab Jorah.

JORAH: Khaleesi, please, I just need a moment of your time. I brought you a gift.

TYRION (O.S.): Its true. He has.

Tyrion enters the pit.

DAENERYS: Who are you?

TYRION: I am the gift. Its a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace. My name is Tyrion Lannister.

Cut to Dany in shock and deep thought after hearing his name.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. KINGS LANDING - BLACK CELL

Cersei enters Margaerys cell.

CERSEI: This is horrible. Unacceptable. Are they feeding you enough at least? I brought you this. Venison. Its quite good. I had it myself for supper only last night. We did everything we could from the moment they took your brother. Tommen even went to the sept himself to confront the high sparrow, but I fear The Faith has left reason behind.

MARGAERY: I know you did this.

CERSEI: We are making every effort on your behalf. I swear to you by all the seven gods.

MARGAERY: Lies come easily to you. Everyone knows that. But innocence, decency, concern? Youre not very good at those, Im afraid. Perhaps thats why your son was so eager to cast you aside for me.

CERSEI: Youre upset. Youre not thinking clearly. Ill visit again when youve had a chance to calm down.

MARGAERY: I dont want to see you again.

CERSEI: I do hope you change your mind about that. Ive been told men often go mad in the Black Cells below the Red Keep, but I suppose your isolation will end once your trial begins.

MARGAERY: Leave.

CERSEI: Yes, Im afraid I must. My son needs me now more than ever.

Margaery throws the medicine at Cersei.

MARGAERY: Get out you hateful bitch!

CERSEI: Sleep well, sister.

Cersei walks out smiling. She is taken to High Septons room by a Sparrow.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT SEPT - CHAPEL

HIGH SPARROW (to Sparrow): Thank you. (to Cersei) You saw her?

CERSEI: Yes.

SPARROW: And?

CERSEI: Her accommodations seem sufficient. What happens to her now?

SPARROW: Well she and her brother are both being held under fair suspicion. A trial will be held for each of them to determine if they are guilty of any acts that might constitute a violation of the tenants of the faith.

CERSEI: Who will stand judge?

SPARROW: Seven septons. As it was in all trials before the Targaryens.

CERSEI: Will you be one of them?

SPARROW: I will.

CERSEI: If one or both of them were to confess before the trial

SPARROW: Then they will be at The Mothers mercy.

CERSEI: What does The Mothers mercy entail?

SPARROW: It depends on the situation. The acts themselves, the degree of contrition.

CERSEI: Thank you High Septon for bringing them whatever justice they deserve in the eyes of the Seven.

SPARROW: Did you know this chapel is one of the oldest structures in Kings Landing?

CERSEI: I think I may have heard at one point.

SPARROW: Baelor built his sept around it. But men worshipped here long before him.

The High Septon gestures to a stone altar with seven-pointed stars engraved into it.

SPARROW: Who carved this altar do you know?

CERSEI: Im afraid i dont.

SPARROW: No one does. Theres no name on it. Or anywhere else in the chapel. The people who built this place didnt inflict their vanity on the people who came after them. The way Baelor did with that great gilded monstrosity out there.Their faith was clean.

Strip away the gold and the ornaments, knock down the statues and the pillars, and this is what remains. Something simple, solid, and true. The Tyrells finery will be stripped away. Their lives knocked down, their true hearts laid bare for all to see. And so it will be for all of us, high and low alike. What will we find when we strip away your finery?

The High Septon stares intently at Cersei.

SPARROW: A young man came to us not long ago, broken in body and spirit. He had so much to strip away, so much weighing him down. But piece by piece he unburdened himself. Let go of vanity, pride, sin, now his soul is so light he will float through the Seven Heaves like a bird.

Cersei gives a faint laugh.

SPARROW: And he has much to say about you.

Lancell enters the room and stands next to the High Septon. Cersei goes for the door and is blocked.

CERSEI: Move. Let me go immediately.

Cersei is grabbed and carried away from the room.

CERSEI (O.S.): You will order her to let me go! I am the queen! I am the queen! Have you lost your mind? Let me go! You filthy I am the queen! Let me go!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BLACK CELL

Cersei is thrown into the cell. She looks up at the people who put her there.

CERSEI: Look at me. Look at my face. Its the last thing youll see before you die.

The door slams closed and is bolted shut.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. MEEREEN - PYRAMID

JORAH: Your Grace, I want to say--

DAENERYS: You will not speak. How do I know you are who you say you are?

TYRION: If only I were otherwise.

DAENERYS: If you are Tyrion Lannister why shouldnt I kill you? To pay your family back for what it did to mine

TYRION: You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother Joanna Lannister the day I was born. I killed my father Tywin Lannister with a bow to the heart. I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time.

DAENERYS: So I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family?

TYRION: Into your service? Your Grace we have only just met. Its too soon to know if you deserve my service.

DAENERYS: If youd rather return to the fighting pits just say the word.

TYRION: When I was a young man I heard a story about a baby born during the worst storm in living memory. She had no wealth, no lands, no army, only a name and a handful of supporters, most of whom probably thought they could use that name to benefit themselves. They kept her alive, moving her from place to place, often hours ahead of the men who had been sent to kill her. She was eventually sold off to some warlord on the edge of the world and that appeared to be that. And then a few years later the most well informed person I knew told me that this girl without wealth, lands, or armies had somehow acquired all 3 in a very short span of time, along with three dragons. He thought she was our best, last chance to build a better world. I thought you were worth meeting at the very least.

DAENERYS: And why are you worth meeting? Why should I spend my time listening to you?

TYRION: Because you can not build a better world on your own. You have no one at your side who understands that land you want to rule. The strengths and the weaknesses of the houses that will either support or oppose you.

DAENERYS: I have a very large army and very large dragons.

TYRION: Killing and politics arent always the same thing.When I served as Hand of the King I did quite well with the latter considering the king in question preferred torturing animals to leading his people. I could do an even better job advising a ruler worth the name.

DAENERYS: So you want to advise me. Very well. (looks to Jorah) What would you have me do with him? I swore I would kill him if he ever returned.

TYRION: I know.

DAENERYS: Why should the people trust a queen who cant keep her promises?

TYRION: Whomever Ser Jorah was when he started informing on you, he is no longer that man. I cant remember seeing the same man as devoted to anything as he is to serving you. He claims he would kill for you and die for you, and nothing I have witnessed gives me reason to doubt him. And yet he did betray you.

Tyrion approaches Daenerys and Missandei. Her guards raise their spears to her. Daenerys waves them off.

TYRION: Did he have an opportunity to confess his betrayals?

DAENERYS: Yes, many opportunities.

TYRION: And did he?

DAENERYS: No. Not until forced to do so.

TYRION: He worships you. He is in love with you, I think. But he did not trust you with the truth - an unpleasant truth, to be sure - but one of great significance to you. He did not trust that you would be wise enough to forgive him.

DAENERYS: So I should kill him?

TYRION: A ruler who kills those that are devoted to her is not a ruler that inspires devotion. And youre going to need to inspire devotion, and lots of it, if youre ever going to rule across the Narrow Sea. But you cannot have him by your side when you do.

DAENERYS: Remove Ser Jorah from the city.

Daenerys and Jorah hold back tears. Jorah is escorted out of the Pyramid. Jorah checks his Greyscale and walks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BLACK CELLS

The Septa holds water out to Cersei.

SEPTA: Confess.

CERSEI: My son. Let me speak to--

She slaps Cersei with a spoon.

SEPTA: Confess. I meant it.

CERSEI: My face will be the last thing you see before--

She slaps her with a spoon again then leaves. Cersei starts screaming.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

ARYA: My name is Lana. Im an orphan. When I was 8 I begged enough money to buy my first bucket of oysters, and I sold that bucket and made enough money to buy 2 more.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: EXT. BRAAVOS - MARKET

Arya pushes an oyster cart through a crowded market.

ARYA (V.O.): Iit took a while but I finally saved enough to buy myself an oyster cart. Now every morning I make my way down to the canals. I pass the fish mongers and the bakers. I usually see Lhara, my first customer of the day on my way home. Then I turn left onto Moonsinger Lane--
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

Jaqen slaps her.

ARYA: Left onto Ragman Lane, where I do most of my trade.

JAQEN: Lana is very impressive. Very industrious. She will make a fine servant for the Many Faced God.

ARYA: How will she serve him?

JAQEN: She will no longer turn left onto Ragman Lane. She will turn right and go to Ragman Harbor.

ARYA: What will she do there?

JAQEN: She will see.

ARYA: See what?

JAQEN: How can a man tell a girl this. If he knew what she would see, there would be no reason to send her.

ARYA: Oysters, clams and cockles!

Arya takes a right with the cart.

ARYA: Oysters clams and cockles! Oysters clams and cockles!

THIN MAN: Your oysters fresh?

ARYA: Best in the city.

THIN MAN: You wouldnt lie to an old man would you?

Arya cracks an oyster and hands him one he slurps it.

THIN MAN: Very nice. Give me 4. With vinegar.

A man throws a bag of money and a map on the Thin Mans table.

MAN: Its my 18th voyage. Ive returned from all of them without a scratch on me.

THIN MAN: Cant do it.

MAN: Please I have 3 children. Without me-- here take it you have to, I have 3 children, what will they do? Please you have to! Please! You dont understand?

He is carried away as the Thin Man slurps the oyster
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: INT. THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

JAQEN: The man is a gambler. He wages that his sailor's ship will make it to its destination. It is a strange wager for the captain. He only wins if he loses his life.

ARYA: So why would a captain make the wager in the first place?

JAQEN: A girl tells a man that she has seen.

ARYA: If the captain dies, the thin man pays his family a lot of money.

JAQEN: But perhaps the gambler loses his bet and decides that he doesnt have to pay after all. A destitute woman and her small child, what can they do to such a man if he keeps their money for himself? To whom can they turn for recourse?

Arya looks to see a man praying on the floor.

ARYA: The Many Faced God. You said you didnt know what I would see at the docks.

JAQEN: A man had no idea what she would see and what she would not. A girl named Lana will return to the docks. She will watch the gambler. She will come to know as much about him as she knows about herself.

ARYA: And then what?

JAQEN: A gift for the Thin Man.

He holds up a clear vile. Arya takes the vile, smiling.

WAIF: She is not ready.

JAQEN: Perhaps she is, perhaps shes not.

WAIF: And if shes not?

JAQEN: It is all the same to the Many Faced God.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BLACK CELLS

Qyburn enters the cell and bows.

QYBURN: The trial will take place. The High Sparrow will be presenting a substantial case against you.

CERSEI: The charges?

QYBURN: Fornication, treason, incest, the murder of King Robert.

CERSEI: All lies.

QYBURN: Of course, Your Grace. My concern is that The Faith does not adhere to the same standards of proof as the crown. And I hope youll excuse me for saying it, but belief is so often the death of reason.

CERSEI: I wish youd said it sooner. Any word from Jaime?

QYBURN: Im afraid not. Your Grace, Grand Maester Pycelle has summoned your Uncle Kevan back from Casterly Rock to serve as Hand of the King. He now presides over the small council.

CERSEI: Tell him I need to speak to him.

QYBURN: I implored him to visit you but he would not.

CERSEI: What about my son, the king? If you can visit me then surely the king--

QYBURN: Your arrest, and Queen Margaerys arrest, the king has not taken well. He remains in his chambers, his servants often find his food in the hall. Left untouched.

CERSEI: You need to talk to him, you need to talk to my son to come and see me, come and see his mother.

QYBURN: I tried my grace, he wouldnt see me. He wouldnt see anyone.

CERSEI: I cant stay here.

QYBURN: There is a way, Your Grace. A way out.

CERSEI: Confess? To the High Sparrow? I wont. I made him. I rose him up from nothing, I will not kneel before some barefooted commoner and beg his forgiveness.

The septa enters the room.

QYBURN: Goodbye my queen. The work continues.

Qyburn leaves the cell.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. WINTERFELL - SANSAS CHAMBER

Theon enters Sansas room and sets food down.

SANSA: Why. Why Theon.

THEON: Not Theon. There is no Theon. Reek.

SANSA: Reek. Why did you tell him, Reek?

THEON: I was helping you. You were trying to escape, there is no escape. Not ever. Theon Greyjoy tried to escape. The master knew. He knows everything. He hunted him, he caught him, he strapped him to a cross, and cut away piece after piece until there was no Theon left.

SANSA: Good. If it werent for you Id still have a family. If I could do to you what Ramsay did to you right here, right now, I would.

THEON: I deserved everything. I deserve to be Reek. I did terrible things. Turned on Robb. Captured Winterfell. Killed those boys.

THEON: They werent those boys, they were Bran and Rickon. They were your brothers, youd know them since they were born.

THEON: They werent. They were only--

SANSA: Only what?

THEON: I cant..

SANSA: Tell me!

THEON: I cant, not unless the master says...

SANSA: Tell me, they werent what?!

THEON: They werent...

SANSA Tell me why Bran and Rickon should be dead while you still breathe the air. Tell me to my face Theon, tell me that they werent your brothers!

THEON: They werent Bran and Rickon! I couldnt find them. It was two farm boys. I killed them and burned them so no one would know.

SANSA: You didnt?

Theon shakes his head no.

SANSA: Do you know where they went, Bran and Rickon?

THEON: I cant talk to you anymore.

SANSA: Theon, you have to tell me, do you have any idea where Bran and Rickon--

THEON: Not Theon, Reek!

Theon runs out the door.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. WINTERFELL - HALL

BOLTON BANNERMAN: Our scouts tells us hes got no more than 6000 men. More than half of them are mounted, however.

ROOSE: And how high can Stannis horses jump? Our walls have been full repaired our walls have been reinforced. We have enough food for six months. We are more prepared for a siege than they could have ever been. All we have to do is wait for them to freeze, starve, and mutiny.

Ramsay gives a disagreeing look.

ROOSE: You disagree?

RAMSAY: Stannis isnt from the North. You are, father. I think youre missing an opportunity to show the people of the North how House Bolton treats southern invaders.

ROOSE: And what do you recommend?

RAMSAY: That we not sit and wait to let Stannis to decide what type of fight this is going to be. That we hit first, and hit hard, and leave a feast for the crows.

ROOSE: A smart commander does not surrender a defensive advantage. As long as we stay behind these walls they cant touch us. Not to mention that the snow is so deep that we couldnt get an army through if we wanted to.

RAMSAY: I dont need an army. I need 20 good men.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN

DAENERYS: So have you decided yet? Whether Im worthy of your service?

TYRION: Have you decided yet whether youre going to have me killed?

DAENERYS: Its probably my safest option.

TYRION: I can see why you would think so. Its what your father would have done.

DAENERYS: And what would your father do?

TYRION: My father? Who publicly sentenced me to death? Id say his thoughts on having me killed were abundantly clear.

DAENERYS: Is that why you killed him?

TYRION: Some day if you decide not to execute me, Ill tell you all about why I killed my father. And on that day, should it ever come, well need more wine than this.

DAENERYS: I know what my father was. What he did. I know the Mad King earned his name.

TYRION: So here we sit, two terrible children of two terrible fathers.

DAENERYS: Im terrible?

TYRION: Ive heard stories.

DANERYS: Why did you travel to the other side of the world to meet someone terrible?

TYRION: To see if you were the right kind of terrible.

DAENERYS: Which kind is that?

TYRION: The kind that prevents your people from being even more so.

DAENERYS: I did reopen the fighting pits. Under my rule murder will once again become entertainment.

TYRION: Yes, that was wise. And you agreed to marry someone you loathed for the greater good. Very impressive. My own sister married someone she loathed as well, though not by choice and certainly not for the greater good, Gods forbid. She ended up having him killed.

DAENERYS: Perhaps it wont come to that.

TYRION: Its not impossible that Varys was right about you after all.

DAENERYS: Varys? King Roberts spy master?

TYRION: Yes. He was the one who convinced me to come find you. He was my travelling companion before Ser Jorah seized that role for himself.

DAENERYS: Jorah sent my secrets to Varys. For 20 years the spider oversaw the campaign to find and kill me.

TYRION: He did what he had to do to survive. He did a lot of other things that he didnt have to do. I suspect hes the main reason you werent slaughtered in your crib.

DAENERYS: But you trust him?

TYRION: Yes, oddly. He might be the only person in the world that I trust. Besides my brother.

DAENERYS: The brother who killed my father.

TYRION: Thats the one.

DAENERYS: Perhaps I will have you killed after all.

TYRION: Your queenly prerogative. I had given up on life until Varys convinced me you might be worth living for. You chop off my head? Well, my final days were interesting.

DAENERYS: Im not going to kill you.

TYRION: No? Banish me?

DAENERYS: No.

TYRION: So if Im not going to be murdered, and Im not going to be banished...

DAENERYS: Youre going to advise me. (takes his wine cup) While you can still speak in complete sentences.

TYRION: Advise you on what?

DAENERYS: How to get what I want.

TYRION: The Iron Throne. Perhaps you should try wanting something else.

DAENERYS: If I want jokes Ill get myself a proper fool.

TYRION: Im not entirely joking. Theres more to the world than Westeros after all. How many hundreds of thousands of lives have you changed for the better here? Perhaps this is where you belong. Where you can do the most good.

DAENERYS: I fought so that no child born into Slavers Bay would ever know what it was like to be bought or sold. I will continue that fight here and beyond. But this is not my home.

TYRION: And when you get back to your home, who supports you?

DAENERYS: The common people.

TYRION: Lets be generous and assume thats going to happen. Here in Slavers Bay you had the support of the common people and only the common people. What was that like, ruling without the rich? House Targaryen is gone, not a single person who shares your blood is alive to support you. The Starks are gone as well, our two terrible fathers saw to that. The remaining Lannisters wont back you, not ever. Stannis Baratheon wont back you either, his entire claim to the Throne depends on the illegitimacy of yours. That leaves the Tyrells. Not impossible, but not enough.

DAENERYS: Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell. Theyre all just spokes on a wheel. This one's on top, then that ones on top and on and on it spins, crushing the people on the ground.

TYRION: Its a beautiful dream. Stopping the wheel. Youre not the first person to have dreamt it.

DAENERYS: Im not going to stop the wheel. Im going to break the wheel.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. FIGHTING PIT

Two gladiators spar. Jorah walks to the pit. The master whistles for them to stop fighting. Jorah flips him a coin.

JORAH: You said whoever wins would fight at the Great Pit in front of the queen. I won.

MASTER: You struck me.

JORAH: Ive been flogged if it makes you happy. Im the best youve got. If I win at the Great Pit how much can you sell me for?

MASTER: Youre a free man, you could have gone anywhere, why did you come back?

JORAH: Let me fight for her and I belong to you.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BLACK CELLS

SEPTA: Thirsty? Confess.

CERSEI: Ill get out of here, you realize. Before long.

SEPTA: Confess.

CERSEI: I can make you a wealthy woman. A lady of the court.

SEPTA: Confess.

CERSEI: I can make sure you die in the most hideous way imaginable, and all I do is sit here imagining ways for you to die.

She dumps her water out on the floor. Cersei licks it from the floor when she leaves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - SAMS ROOM

GILLY: Does it hurt?

SAM: No.

GILLY: Good.

SAM: How are you?

GILLY: Im not the one who got punched and kicked in the face.

SAM: You know what I mean.

GILLY: Im good.

SAM: Are you scared?

GILLY: A little.

SAM: Me too.

There is a knock on the door. Sam grabs his knife.

SAM: Whos there?

OLLY: Olly.

Sam puts the knife down.

SAM: Come in.

OLLY: I heard what happened.

SAM: Not to worry. Men brawl from time to time. Its only natural.

Olly sets a tray of food on Sams bed.

OLLY: Figured you were hungry.

SAM: Youre a good lad.

OLLY: Wanted to ask you something. (Olly looks at Gilly) If youve got the time.

GILLY: I need to check on baby Sam.

She exits the room.

SAM: Now then. How can I help?

OLLY: Its about the Lord Commander.

SAM: Yes?

OLLY: Hes going up to Hardhome to save all them wildlings. Wildlings killed my mom and dad. They killed everyone in my village.

SAM: Weve been fighting them for years.

OLLY: This wasnt a fight. We were farmers and they slaughtered us. So whys he saving them?

SAM: Wildlings are people, just like us. There are good ones and bad ones.

OLLY: The one hes travelling with, the one with the red beard, he led the raid on my village.

SAM: Olly...

OLLY: How can he trust him?

SAM: Ive seen the army of the dead. Ive seen the white walkers, and theyre coming for us, for all the living. And when its time well need every last man we can find.

OLLY: But what if we let the wildings through the gates and they cut our throats while we sleep?

SAM: Jons taking a risk, but he has to. We dont stand a chance otherwise. Sometimes a man has to make hard choices, choices that might look wrong to others but you know are right in the long run.

OLLY: You believe that?

SAM: With all my heart.

Olly looks conflicted. He walks towards the door.

SAM: Try not to worry Olly. Ive been worrying about Jon for years. He always comes back.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - SHORE

The ships full of Crows and wildlings dock at Hardhome. Jon and Tormund get out together. The camera fixates on the swords on their hips.

TORMUND: You trust me Jon Snow?

JON: Does that make me a fool?

TORMUND: We are fools together now.

They walk to meet the men and women of Hardhome, lead by the Lord of Bones.

TORMUND: Lord of Bones. Been a long time.

LORD OF BONES: Last time I saw you the little crow was your prisoner. The other way around now. What happened?

TORMUND: War.

LORD OF BONES: You call that a war? The greatest army the North has ever seen cut to pieces by a southern king.

TORMUND: We should gather the elders find somewhere quiet to talk.

LORD OF BONES: You dont give the orders here.

TORMUND: Im not giving an order.

LORD OF BONES: Why arent you in chains?

JON: Hes not my prisoner.

LORD OF BONES: What is he?

JON: Were allies.

The Hardhome wildlings complain loudly.

LORD OF BONES: You fucking traitor! You fight for the crows now.

TORMUND: I dont fight for the crows.

JON: Were not here to fight. Were here to talk.

LORD OF BONES: Is that right? You and the pretty crow do a lot of talking, Tormund. And when youre done talking, do you get down on your knees and suck his cock--

Tormund grabs the Lord of Bones staff from him and beats him to death with it.

TORMUND: Gather the elders and lets talk.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HARDHOME - CABIN

Jon is surrounded by Karsi, a Wildling chieftess, Loboda, a Thenn, a Wildling elder, and various other Wildlings.

JON: My names Jon Snow. Im Lord Commander of the Nights Watch. Were not friends. Weve never been friends. We wont become friends today. This isnt about friendship. This is about survival. This is about putting a 700 foot wall between you and whats out there.

KARSI: You built that wall to keep us out.

LOBODA: Since when do the crows give 2 shits if we live?

JON: In normal times we wouldnt. But these arent normal times. The white walkers dont care if a mans Free Folk or Crow. Were all the same to them. Meat to their army. But together we can beat them.

KARSI: Beat the white walkers? Good luck with that. Run from them, maybe.

Jon holds the bag full of Dragonstone to Karsi. She looks at it hesitantly.

JON: Its not a trick. Its a gift for those who join us.

Karsi examine the glass in shock.

JON: Dragonglass. A man of the Nights Watch used one of these daggers to kill a walker.

LOBODA: You saw this?

JON: No. But I trust the man.

KARSI: There are old stories about Dragonglass.

LOBODA: There are old stories about ice spiders big as hounds.

KARSI: And with the things weve seen you dont believe them?

JON: Come with me and I'll share these weapons.

KARSI: Come with you where?

JON: There are good lands south of the wall. The Night's Watch will allow you through the tunnel and allow your people to farm those lands.

There is hesitation.

JON: I knew Mance Rayder. He never wanted a war with the Nights Watch, he wanted a new life for his people. For you. Were prepared to give you that new life.

KARSI: If?

JON: If you swear you join us when the real war begins.

LOBODA: Where is Mance?

JON: He died.

LOBODA: How?

JON (after a long pause): I put an arrow through his heart.

The wildlings in the cabin start to riot.

LOBODA: I say we send the Lord Commander back to Castle Black with no eyes.

Loboda brandishes his axe. Tormund steps forward.

TORMUND: None of you saw Mance die! I did. The Southern King who broke our army, Stannis, wanted to burn him alive to send him a message. Jon Snow defied that cunts orders. His arrow was mercy. What it did took courage, and thats what we need today: the courage to make peace with men weve been fighting for generations.

KARSI: I lost my father, my uncle, and 2 brothers fighting the damn crows.

JON: Im not asking you to forget your dead. Ill never forget mine. I lost 50 brothers the night that Mance attacked the wall. But Im asking you to think about your children now. Theyll never have children of their own if we dont band together. The Long Night is coming and the dead come with it. No clan can stop them. The free folk cant stop them. The Nights Watch cant stop them. And all the southern kings cant stop them. Only together, all of us, and even then it might not be enough, but at least then well give the fuckers a fight.

There are small nods of approval throughout the room.

KARSI: You vouch for this man, Tormund?

TORMUND: Hes prettier than both my daughters, but he knows how to fight. Hes young, but he knows how to lead. He didnt have to come to Hardhome. He came because he needs us. And we need him.

LOBODA: My ancestors would spit on me if I broke bread with a crow.

KARSI: So would mine, but fuck 'em, theyre dead.

Karsi walks in front of Jon.

Ill never trust a man in black.

Karsi walks over to Tormund.

But I trust you, Tormund. If you say this is the way, were with you.

TORMUND: This is the way.

WILDLING ELDER: Im with Tormund. We stay here were dead men. At least with King Crow theres a chance.

GIANT: Tormund.

LOBODA: Keep that new life you want to give us. Keep your glass, King Crow. Soon as you get on his ships theyre gonna slit your throats and dump your bodies to the bottom of the Shivering Sea. Thats our enemy. That has always been our enemy.

Wildlings start leaving the cabin and head towards the boats.

KARSI (to Tormund): I fucking hate Thenns.

Tormund nods.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - SHORE

Jon, Tormund, and Karsi lead the Wildlings to the boats.

JON: How many are with us? 5000?

TORMUND: Im not good at counting.

JON: Were leaving too many behind.

TORMUND: The free folk are stubborn. You know how long it took Mance to band them together. 20 fucking years.

JON: And he knew them better than I ever will.

TORMUND: Theyre running out of food and theres nothing to hunt. Theyll come around.

Cut to Karsi loading two children onto a boat.

KARSI: Johnna is gonna look after you. Shes in charge, you listen to her.

DAUGHTER: I wanna go with you.

KARSI: I need to get the old folks on the boats. Im right behind you, I promise. (she kisses them on the forehead) Go on.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HARDHOME - CABIN

The Giant picks up a piece of Dragonglass and strokes it intently. Edd begins picking up the pieces of glass and looks at the giant with his piece of glass. Wun Wun turns to Edd and stares at him annoyed.

WUN WUN: Lokh kif rukh?

Edd leaves. Dogs are barking outside.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - SHORE

Jon loads girls onto a boat then turns to hear the dogs barking. The wind starts whipping from a neighboring cliff and the dogs start whimpering. Every wildling and Crow slowly turns to the source of the noise.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - GATE

LOBODA: Shut the gate.

Men hurry towards the gate to board it up. More howling from the distance. The Wildlings on the other side of the gate begin charging the gate.

LOBODA: Shut the gate!!

Men rush to put a board in place to hold the gate shut.

SHOUTING: Wait! Open the gate! Let us in! Help us! Please open it!

Loboda walks to the gate with his axe and peers through a small hole in the wall. There is a faint scream in the distance, then a wight charges at the hole in the wall.

LOBODA: Ready your arrows!

The wights claw at the gate. Arrows are nocked and fired. A wight sticks his hand through the gate and Loboda chops it off.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - SHORE

There is a mad rush towards the boats with many people jumping in the water to catch one.

JON: Get in line! Get in line!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - GATE

A wight tries to climb the gate.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HARDHOME - CABIN

Wights crawl to the top of the cabin and jumps through the hole in the roof. The men prepare their weapons and the giant growls.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - GATE

One wight tries to climb under the gate. A barrage of arrows flies at the wights trying to get through the wall. Most of them land. The wight crawls even further under the gate. The wights start making holes in the gate. A sword sticks through the gate coming close to Loboda on the gate. Loboda dodges the sword, looks down to see the wight crawling under the gate, and stomps its head in.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - SHORE

The people continue to rush onto the boats with Jon, Tormund, and Karsi leading them.

JON: Hold the line! Hold the line!

NIGHTS WATCH BROTHER: Lord Commander!

JON: Get them to the ship and come back for me!

BROTHER: But youll never make it--

JON: Now!

Karsi approaches Jon.

JON: You should be on one of those boats.

KARSI: So should you ! My little girl has gone on. They're gonna let them pass the wall even if youre not there ?

JON: You have my word. Ive given orders.

KARSI: Dont think youre gonna be there to enforce those orders !

Karsi heads back to helping people onto the boats.

TORMUND: If they get through, everyone dies !

JON: Nights Watch with me! Move! Move! Move!

Jon, Tormund, Karsi, and the Nights Watch brothers charge from the shore to the gate.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - SHORE

The wights have knocked a hole into the gate big enough to crawl out of. One breaks through, tears someone apart, and then is taken down. A group of wights storm through the same hole. Cut to an overhead that shows just how many wights are behind the gate.

Jon arrives at the gate. He pins a wight to the gate with Longclaw as Tormund and Karsi kill the wights that have already gotten through. The archers take out the wight Jon pinned to the gate, and then the men cover the hole the wights had been escaping from with a sled.

Fighting continues. A group of wights tear into a Crow. Loboda and Karsi continue to kill the wights.

Jon looks up through the mist and sees 4 White Walkers on horseback on the top of the cliff.

JON: The Dragonglass!

LOBODA: Youre with me, lad! Now!

Jon and Loboda charge towards the cabin. Jon cuts a wight in half then kills another. The giant breaks through a wall in the cabin as the cabin starts to go down in flames. He shakes the wights off of his back, snapping some in half and stomping others into pieces. Jon and Loboda storm the cabin.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HARDHOME - CABIN

The entire cabin is on fire. A White Walker wielding a staff walks towards them through the fire.

LOBODA: Get the glass.

Loboda walks towards the White Walker as Jon scrambles towards the Dragonglass. Loboda misses with his axe twice, getting it caught in the wall. He pulls it out to parry in time, but the Walkers spear shatters his axe. The Walker plunges his spear through Loboda's stomach.

Jon reaches the glass but is thrown across the room by the Walker before he can pick it up, causing Longclaw to fly out of the cabin. Jon ducks from the Walkers swings with his spear, and runs out to grab another sword. The Walker swings and shatters the sword. He knocks Jon down again. Jon struggles, then gets up again, running to pick up Longclaw. He stumbles and drops the sword. The White Walker staggers towards him. Jon picks up Longclaw just in time to match the White Walker, and to both of their surprises, Longclaw stops the Walkers spear. The Walker deflects one blow from Jon, but then he swings and shatters the Walker into pieces.

Jon falls to the ground after the struggle. The Nights King watches him alone from the top of the cliff.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - GATE

Tormund and Karsi continue to tear through wights. Karsi looks up, and sees a group of blue-eyed wight children staring at her. They do nothing for a moment, then charge at her, chewing and clawing her to death.

Cut to Jon crawling across the snow, coughing up blood. A man grabs him and Jon puts Longclaw to his neck. The man turns out to be Edd and they lower their weapons.

JON: The Dragonglass!

EDD: Fuck the glass! Were gonna die here.

A screech comes from the top of the cliff. Hundreds of wights dive from the top of the cliff. They appear to have died for a brief moment after landing, but then wake up and charge at Jon and Edd.

Cut to Tormund continuing to hold the gate. The gate starts creaking then comes down. Tormund runs to the boat.

The giant starts roaring as the other gate comes down, swinging a fiery log. Jon, Tormund, and Edd sprint towards the boat with the giant clearing a path for them with the log. The Nights King continues to watch them from the top of the cliff.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. HARDHOME - SHORE

Jon, Tormund, and the Crow jump off the dock onto the boat.

JON: Go! Go! Go!

TORMUND: Wun Wun, to the sea.

The giant stays back, continuing to take out loads of wights by swinging his flaming log. He begins to walk towards the boat, ripping the wights hanging onto him off of his back and throwing them into the water to die.

JON: Lets go now! Now!

Jon looks back to shore to see the Wights, along with a White Walker, killing the last surviving wildlings.

Slowly, a figure walks to the end of the dock. The camera pans up to reveal the Nights King. He stares at Jon and Jon stares back. The Nights King turns his head to the carnage at the edge of the shore and then looks back to Jon. He slowly starts raising his arms.The dead wildlings twitch, then open their eyes to reveal blue. Karsii comes back to life, blue-eyed . They all start standing up, joining the army of the dead, and staring at Jon. Jon can do nothing but stare back at the Nights King back as the boat drifts away.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

EXT. STANNIS CAMP - NIGHT

A man walks by each of the tents.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MELISANDRES TENT

Melisandre stares into the fire. She exits the tent.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. STANNIS CAMP - NIGHT

Melisandre surveys the camp. In the distance, a tent catches on fire. Men start screaming and rushing out of their tents. A burning horse runs by Melisandre.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. STANNIS CAMP - MORNING

DAVOS: A band of 20 men, maybe less. They were in and out before anyone spotted them, burnt our food stores to the ground, all our siege weapons were destroyed, dozens of tents were--

STANNIS: Horses?

DAVOS: Were still getting a count, but hundreds are dead.

STANNIS: 20 men rode into our camp without a single guard sounding the alarm?

DAVOS: The northerners know more about their land than we ever will.

STANNIS: Put last nights guards in chains, either they fell asleep or they were conspiring with the enemy. Find out the truth and then hang them.

DAVOS: Unless theres a thaw, we cant press forward to Winterfell, and we dont have enough food to get us back to Castle Black.

STANNIS: Were not returning to Castle Black.

DAVOS: Forgive me, Your Grace, I never claimed to be an expert in military matters. But if we cant march forward, and we wont march back

Stannis looks to Melisandre and Selyse. Davos follows his gaze then looks back.

STANNIS: Have the dead horses butchered for meat.

Stannis walks over to Melisandre.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. THE WALL

The Hardhome survivors, led by Jon, Tormund, Tollett, and Wun-Wun, approach the wall. Alliser looks down at the group. Jon steps forward, Alliser stares for a moment, then--

ALLISER: Open the gates.

The lower gate is lifted.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. CASTLE BLACK

The Hardhome Wildlings are being escorted through Castle Black.

JON: It was a failure.

SAM: It wasnt.

JON: I went to save them, I failed.

SAM: You didnt fail him, or him, or her. Every one of them is alive because of you, and no one else.

JON: I dont think that facts lost on them.

Cut to many men of the Nights Watch glaring at Jon, then Olly who exchanges a long look with Jon from the top of the stairs. Alliser walks down the steps to Jon.

ALLISER: You have a good heart, Jon Snow. It will get us all killed.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. STANNIS TENT

Stannis is studying his chessboard. There are 2 Baratheon pieces next to a sword and opposed to 2 Bolton pieces. Davos enters the tent.

DAVOS: You sent for me, Your Grace.

STANNIS: Find you some healthy horses and a few good men to guard you, Im sending you back to Castle Black. Tell the Lord Commander to send food, supplies, fresh horses, in return when I take the throne Ill make sure the Nights Watch has all the men it requires. He can guard all 19 castles if he so wishes.

DAVOS: Your Grace, youve named me your Hand.

STANNIS: Yes.

DAVOS: The Kings Hand should never abandon the King, especially in a time of war.

STANNIS: Youre not abandoning me, youre obeying a command.

DAVOS: A boy with a scroll could deliver this message.

STANNIS: And if Jon Snow refuses a boy with a scroll, what does the boy say? I didnt name you hand for your expertise in military matters, ride for Castle Black, dont come back empty handed.

DAVOS: Your Grace, perhaps Queen and Princess Shireen could accompany me.

STANNIS: My family stays with me.

DAVOS: At least let me take Shireen. A siege is no place for a little girl.

STANNIS: My family stays with me.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. STANNIS CAMP

The men are shivering, waiting in line for food. Davos walks by.

INT. SHIREENS TENT

Shireen is reading one of her books. Davos enters.

DAVOS: Whats this one now?

SHIREEN: "The Dance of Dragons: A True Telling" by Grand Maester Munkun.

DAVOS: Well that sounds like a proper story.

SHIREEN: Ser Byron Swann wanted to kill the dragon Vhagar. He polished his shield for a week, til the steel was like a mirror. Then he crouched behind it, and crept forward, hoping the dragon would only see his own reflection.

DAVOS: But the dragon only saw a dumb man, holding a mirrored shield.

SHIREEN: And burnt him to a crisp.

Davos and Shireen share a laugh.

DAVOS: Thus ending the dragonslaying career of Ser Byron Swann. I made you something, Princess.

Davos hands her a stag carved out of wood.

DAVOS: Do you like it?

SHIREEN: Hes beautiful.

Shireen kisses him on the cheek.

SHIREEN: Thank you.

DAVOS: Youre very welcome.

SHIREEN: Will you make me a doe, too, so that he can have company?

DAVOS: Of course I will.

SHIREEN: But why am I getting a present?

DAVOS: Because you deserve it. My son was always on me trying to teach me to read. Gods, I was stubborn about it. Made it this far without reading, seemed to me I could make it to the grave. I wish I had listened to them. This is my own poor way of saying thank you for teaching me to be a grown up. (beat) Ill be gone for a few days, Princess. Ill want to hear all about the dance of dragons when Im back.

SHIREEN: Youll just have to read it yourself.

Davos kisses Shireen on her forehead then leaves. Shireen looks over the stag.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DORNE - PALACE

Jaime is escorted by Areo to Dorans room.

JAIME: Prince Doran. (bows)

DORAN: Forgive us, we started without you. Please, sit.

JAIME: Princess Myrcella.

MYRCELLA: Uncle.

JAIME: What a lovely dress.

MYRCELLA: You dont like it?

JAIME: You must be cold.

MYRCELLA: Not at all. The Dornish climate agrees with me.

JAIME: Prince Trystane. Hows your jaw?

TRYSTANE: A fleabite.

ELLARIA: What are you doing in Dorne?

JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.

DORAN: And rather than send a raven or speak to me directly you decided to enter my country in secret and abduct our guest by force.

JAIME: We received a threatening message. The princesss necklace in the jaws of a viper.

Jaime looks at Ellaria.

MYRCELLA (surprised): That necklace was stolen from my room.

Doran looks at Ellaria. A servant sets down food and drink before Jaime.

JAIME: Ah. Excellent. The last meal before the beheading.

DORAN: We cant behead you. Many in Dorne want war. But Ive seen war. Ive seen the bodies piled on the battlefields. Ive seen the orphans starving in the cities. I dont want to lead my people into that hell.

ELLARIA: No, you want to break bread with the Lannisters.

DORAN: And that is precisely what we are doing. (raises glass) Let us drink to Tommen, the first of his name, the King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms.

Everyone drinks. Ellaria dumps her cup out on the floor and looks at Doran.

DORAN: King Tommen insists on his sisters return to the capital?

JAIME: Im afraid he does.

DORAN: I cannot disobey my Kings command. (Ellaria glares at Doran) She will return with you to Kings Landing. And my son, Prince Trystane, will accompany you both. If the alliance between Dorne and the Iron Throne is to continue, their engagement must stand.

JAIME: I accept.

DORAN: One more thing. My brother was named to the small council before his death. Your father understood the importance of keeping Dorne in the loop. With Oberyn gone, Trystane will take his place on the small council.

JAIME: You have my word.

ELLARIA: The word of a Kingslayer.

Ellaria gets up and walks to Doran.

ELLARIA: No wonder you cant stand. You have no spine.

Ellaria tries to leave the room. Doran grabs her wrist.

DORAN: You are mother to four of my nieces, girls I love very much. For their sake, I hope you live a long life. Talk to me that way again and you wont.

Doran lets go. Ellaria leaves the room.

JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of my man?

DORAN: Tell me, Ser Jaime, in Kings Landing, how do they punish a commoner who strikes a prince?

JAIME: He said it was just a fleabite. The fault is mine. Bronn is merely a soldier following my orders. If anyone should be punished its me.

DORAN: Prince Trystane must learn judgement if hes to rule one day. Ill let him decide.

Jaime looks to Trystane. Trystane considers.

TRYSTANE: I have learned the value of mercy from my father. I will set your man free.

JAIME: Youre a good man.

TRYSTANE: On one condition.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DORNE - CELL

Bronn is laying on the ground in his cell. Tyene and Nymeria are playing a game where one tries to slap the others hand before they pull their hands away. Nymeria slaps Tyene.

NYMERIA: Why do we play? Im better than you, Ill always be better than you. Have I ever missed once? I dont think, I cant recall. You must love humiliation or pain. Which do you love most? Humiliation or-- (slaps) -- pain? That one hurt didnt it? You going to cry? Give up, little sister.

TYENE: Youre going to miss.

NYMERIA: I never miss.

TYENE: You will. Youre thinking too much. Now youre nervous. What if shes right?

Nymeria slaps at Tyene and Tyene gets out of the way in time.

NYMERIA: Luck.

TYENE: Now its my turn.

NYMERIA: Youre too slow. Youve always been too slow.

Nymeria sticks her hands out and blows a kiss to Tyene. Tyene slaps her across the face then blows one back. They get in fighting stances as the guards arrive. They take Bronn out of his cell.

BRONN: Am I going to be happy at the end of this walk?

AREO: Youll find out very soon.

Bronn starts leaving the prison.

TYENE: Say it one more time, handsome. Who am I?

BRONN: The most beautiful woman in the world.

TYENE: And thats the truth!

NYMERIA: Slut.

Tyene laughs.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DORNE - PALACE

Areo escorts Bronn into Dorans room.

JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.

DORAN: : I didnt realize there were knights of the Blackwater.

BRONN: Only the one.

JAIME: I believe youve already met Prince Trystane.

BRONN: Prince. Sorry about the other day.

JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of mercy. Hes agreed to grant you your freedom.

BRONN: Im glad to hear it. The pie looks good.

JAIME: There was one condition.

Jaime nods to Areo. Areo elbows Bronn in the jaw, knocking him to the ground.

DORAN: Perhaps some soup instead?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS - RAGMAN HARBOR

Arya pushes her oyster cart through the street.

ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cock--

Two shady looking men approach her.

MAN: How much for your little clam?

They laugh and walk away. Arya looks down the street and sees the Thin Man, looking over another sailors application.

ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels!

Arya stops her cart, inspects the vile Jaqen gave to her, and tucks it back in her pouch. She starts pushing the cart again and makes eye contact with the Thin Man.

THIN MAN (waving): Come on.

Arya stares off into the distance.

THIN MAN: Some oysters, girl! Im talking to you! Girl?! Are you deaf? Girl?!

Arya looks to the dock, and sees Meryn Trant and Mace Tyrell being helped off the boat. A Iron Banker approaches him and Arya starts walking away from the Thin Man and towards them.

BANKER: Lord Tyrell! On behalf of the Iron Bank, may I be the first to welcome you to the free city of Braavos. I hope your journey was trouble free.

MACE: Bit of chop the last few days but nothing too awful. Good to see the old chap is still guarding the Harbor.

BANKER: And how goes the harvest in the Reach?

MACE: Vintnors say this might be the best year for red grapes in half a century. If we come to a satisfactory arrangement, Ill be sure to send the Arbors finest your way.

BANKER: Im afraid I dont partake.

Arya studies the group, focuses in on Meryn, and begins following them with her cart.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS - IRON BANK

MACE: Some consider usury distasteful, dishonorable. Pure nonsense, of course.

BANKER: I'm glad we see eye-to-eye on this matter.

MACE: Did you know that at one point Maegor the third tried to outlaw it in the Seven Kingdoms? Wanted to arrest anyone caught charging interest and cut off both their hands.

Meryn and Arya exchange quick looks at each other.

BANKER: Most unfortunate for the glovers.

MACE: If a man charges low interest on a loan then he has nothing to gain and everything to lose, so why charge him? Whereas a reward makes a man willing to gamble.

BANKER: We are not gamblers here at the Iron Bank, Lord Tyrell.

MACE: You are the world's best gamblers. And all those bets you won built this.

Mace gestures to the Iron Bank and the camera cuts to it.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. IRON BANK - LATER

Arya is waiting on the steps of the building opposite the bank, eating her oysters. The men start walking out of the Bank.

BANKER: Im afraid I still have a good deal of work to do.

MACE: Oh, nonsense. Work's over. Do you sing?

BANKER: I don't have that gift.

MACE: It's not a gift, its a skill, anyone can learn it. So give me a kiss by the Long Canall and give me two kisses in Salty Town, for we are going to die, tomorrow. The bareheaded beggar, the king with his crown
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BRAAVOS - BROTHEL - DOORWAY

Meryn Trant and his men walk through the doorway.

MERYN: I thought that old shit would never stop singing.

MAN: It wasnt bad, though.

MERYN: The Tyrells can all rot in hell, treasonous cunts. They were going to make that boy-fucker Renly king.

They arrive at a door.

MERYN: This is the place, lads. The sleekest little minks in Braavos.

MAN: Youre buying?

MERYN: Oh, Im buying. But I never was good at sharing.

They enter the brothel. Arya pulls up to the doorway with her cart and sees the men entering.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BROTHEL

Arya walks through the door with a tray of oysters. The brothel keeper stops her.

BROTHEL KEEPER: Sell your fish somewhere else.

PROSTITUTE: Oh let her in, Brusco, Im hungry. Come here, sweetness.

The brothel keeper gestures nods for Arya to go on. She walks to the prostitute and the man shes with.

PROSTITUTE: They say oysters get the juices flowing. Well take half a dozen.

ARYA: Three coppers.

Arya begins cutting an oyster open.

JOHN: Heres a silver because the lady likes you.

The man places a silver on her tray in exchange for the oysters. Arya turns and sees Trants men being taken to a back room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BROTHEL - BACK ROOM

Arya enters the room and peers through a divider to see a prostitute posing for Meryn.

MERYN: Too old.

HEAD PROSTITUTE: Brea.

Brea poses for Meryn.

MERYN: Too old.

HEAD: I have just the one. Anara our most expensive girl, but well worth it, I assure you.

A younger, 20-something prostitute poses for Meryn.

MERYN: Too old.

The people in the room share uneasy glances as they realize what hes asking for.

MERYN: Do you have what I want or not?

HEAD: Of course. Of course.

One of Trants men crosses to the other side of the divider and confronts Arya.

MAN: Fresh? Come on, the lads are hungry.

The man drags her into the room.

MAN: Nothing better for you cock stand than fresh oysters.

MAN 2: Ill have one.

Meryn stares at Arya.

HEAD: Who let this girl in? Shoo shoo!

The head prostitute brings in a child.

MERYN: Good.

The head prostitute hands Meryn an hourglass. He hands it back.

MERYN: Ill tell you when were done.

He leads the girl towards a bedroom.

MERYN: Youll have a fresh one for me tomorrow.

HEAD: Of course.

The head prostitute realizes Arya is still standing there.

HEAD: Ill have you whipped, girl! Go on!

Arya leaves the room, but takes one last glance at where Meryn is taking the girl.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

Jaqen kneels next to a man at the fountain of the center of the room and offers him a drink from the fountain.

MAN: Valaar morghulis.

The man takes a drink. Arya approaches Jaqen.

JAQEN: And?

ARYA: The Thin Man wasnt hungry today.

JAQEN: Perhaps thats why the man is thin.

The man drops to the ground, creating a thud off-screen.

ARYA: Tomorrow.

JAQEN: Tomorrow.

JAQEN: A girl has work to do.

Arya walks towards the man who is now collapsed on the ground.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DORNE - PALACE

Doran is addressing Ellaria with Areo standing guard next to the three Sand Snakes.

DORAN: Your rebellion is over. You can swear your allegiance to me now, or you can die.

She kneels and kisses his ring, crying. Nymeria and Obara look disgusted, Tyenes face reveals less.

DORAN: I believe in second chances. I dont believe in third chances.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DORNE - JAIMES ROOM

Jaime is writing a letter in his former cell that is now unlocked. Ellaria enters.

ELLARIA: You write like a 7 year old.

JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me.

ELLARIA: He didnt try to make you pay?

ELLARIA: Then maybe hes changed. The Queen will be thrilled to know youll be bringing her daughter home

JAIME: She will.

ELLARIA: You love her very much, dont you?

JAIME: Of course, shes my niece.

ELLARIA: I wasnt talking about her.

Jaime looks up from his writing at Ellaria.

ELLARIA: You think I disapprove. Why? Because people disapprove of that sort of thing where you are from? They disapproved of Oberyn and me where you are from. Here, no one blinked an eye. 100 years ago, no one would have blinked an eye at you if you had been named Targaryen. Its always changing, who were supposed to love and who were not.The only thing that stays the same is that we want who we want.

Ellaria pauses, taking a walks around the room.

ELLARIA: I know your daughter had no part in the terrible thing that happened to the man I loved. Perhaps even you were innocent of that.

Ellaria exits the room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SHIREENS TENT

Shireen plays with her stag figurine next to a fire and on top of her book. Stannis enters the tent.

SHIREEN: Father. Arent you cold?

STANNIS: No. What are you reading?

SHIREEN: The Dance of Dragons.

STANNIS: Whats it about?

SHIREEN: Its the story of the fight between Rhaenyra Targaryen and her half-brother Aegon for control of the Seven Kingdoms. Both of them thought they belonged on the Iron Throne. When people started for declaring for one of them or the other, their fight divided the kingdom in two. Brothers fought brothers. Dragons fought dragons. By the time it was over, thousands were dead. And it was a disaster for the Targaryens as well. They never truly recovered.

STANNIS: The dance of dragons? Why is that a dance?

SHIREEN: Thats just what they call it.

STANNIS: Doesnt make much sense.

SHIREEN: I think its poetic.

STANNIS: If you had to choose between Rhaenyra and Aegon, who would you have chosen?

SHIREEN: I wouldnt have chosen either. Its all the choosing sides that made things so horrible.

STANNIS: Sometimes a person has to choose. Sometimes the world forces his hand. If a man knows what he is and remains true to himself, the choice is not choice at all. He must fulfill his destiny and become who he is meant to be. However much he may hate it.

SHIREEN: Its alright, father.

STANNIS: You dont even know what Im talking about.

SHIREEN: It doesnt matter. I want to help you. Is there any way I can help?

STANNIS: Yes there is.

SHIREEN: Good, I want to. Im the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon and Im your daughter.

They hug.

STANNIS: Forgive me.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. STANNIS CAMP

Shireen is flanked by guards as she walks towards a pyre, clutching the stag Davos gave her. When she arrives at the pyre Melisandre steps to the front.

SHIREEN: Wheres my father? I want to see my father.

MELISANDRE: It will all be over soon, Princess.

The men drag her to the pyre and tie her up.

SHIREEN: Wheres my father? No you cant do this, father where are you?!

Stannis watches on from the crowd.

SHIREEN: Let me see my father! Where are you, please?!

SELYSE: Its what the Lord wants. Its a good thing. A great thing.

MELISANDRE: The year is now, my Lord. For you we offer up this girl, that you may cleanse her with your fire and that its light may lead our way.

SELYSE: If we dont act then well all starve here all of us, but if we make this sacrifice

MELISANDRE: Accept this token of our faith, my lord and lead us from the darkness. Lord of Light show us the way!

SHIREEN: Mother, please mother! Mother, please mother!

SELYSE: I cant.

STANNIS: Theres no other way. She has Kings blood.

MELISANDRE: Lord of Light protect us, for the night is dark and full of terrors!

SHIREEN: Mother, dont do this please! Please help! Dont do this! Please, father! Mother, help!

Melisandre lights the pyre. Selyse runs towards the pyre and is stopped by Stannis men. Shireen burns as Melisandre, Selyse, and Stannis look on, Melisandre pleased, Selyse horrified, and Stannis conflicted.

SELYSE: No...
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MEEREEN - FIGHTING PIT

Daenerys sits next to Missandei at the top of the pit, with an open seat between her and Tyrion at the end, and Daario standing behind them. Hizdahr takes the open seat.

DAENERYS: Where have you been?

HIZDAHR: Just making sure everythings in order.

Camera pans through the fighting pit to reveal it is covered with House Targaryen sigils. An announcer steps to the middle of the pit and waves his arm to silence the crowd.

ANNOUNCER (Valyrian): Free citizens of Meereen! By the blessings of the Graces and her majesty the Queen, welcome to the Great Games!

The Announcer raises his hands and the crowd begins to roar. Cut to Daenerys box - she and Missandei look disgusted, Daario looks impressed. Two gladiators enter the pit.

ANNOUNCER: My queen, our first contest. Who will triumph: the strong or the quick?

QUICK: I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious queen.

STRONG: I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious queen.

They stand waiting in front of her. The crowd is silent.

HIZDAHR: Theyre waiting for you. Clap your hands.

Daenerys looks down at the two men. After a moment, and with a look of disgust on her face, she claps her hands. The crowd roars and they start fighting. After some parries, the Quick man slices at the Strong mans neck.

DAARIO: That one, the smaller man, no question, thats where you should put your money.

TYRION: The smaller man it is.

DAENERYS: Im not putting my money anywhere.

HIZDAHR: Kings and queens never bet on the games. Perhaps you should go find someone who does.

DAARIO: People used to bet against me when I fought in the pits. (looks at Hizdahr) He would have bet against me. Common novice mistake.

HIZDAHR: I have spent much of my life in Meereen, and in my experience, larger men do triumph over smaller man, far more often than not.

DAENERYS: Has your experience ever involved any actual fighting? You, yourself, have you ever tried to kill a man that was trying to kill you?

Hizdahr is silent.

DAARIO: Whenever I got into the pit against a beast like that one, the crowd saw me, all skin and bone back then, then they saw a pile of angry muscles ready to murder me. They couldnt get their money out fast enough. But the pile of angry muscles never had any muscles here (he puts a dagger to his neck) or here (he puts the dagger to Hizdahrs neck). And the big men were always too slow to stop my dagger from going where their muscles werent. Yes, whenever I saw a beast like that one, standing across from me making his beast faces, I knew I could rest easy.

The Strong man decapitates the Quick man with one quick stroke. Hizdahr smiles and Daario looks turns away angrily. Tyrion says nothing.

HIZDAHR: You dont approve?

TYRION: Theres always been more than enough death in the world for my taste. I can do without it in my leisure time.

HIZDAHR: Fair enough, yet -- its an unpleasant question -- but what great thing has ever been accomplished without killing or cruelty?

TYRION: Its easy to confuse what is with what ought to be. Especially when what is has worked in your favor.

HIZDAHR: Im not talking about myself. Im talking about the necessary conditions of greatness.

Cut to pit workers carrying the decapitated head out of the pit, leaving a trail of blood behind.

DAENERYS: That is greatness?

HIZDAHR: That is a vital part of the great city of Meereen. Which has existed long before you arrived and will remain standing long after we have returned to the dirt.

TYRION: My father would have liked you.

ANNOUNCER: We ask again: who will triumph?

DAENERYS: One day your great city will return to the dirt as well.

HIZDAHR: At your command?

DAENERYS: If need be.

ANNOUNCER: A Meereenese champion?

The crowd applauds.

HIZDAHR: How many people will die to make this happen?

DAENERYS: If it comes to that they would have died for a good reason.

HIZDAHR (looks at pit): Those men think theyre dying for a good reason.

DAENERYS: Someone elses reason.

HIZDAHR: So your reasons are true, and theirs are false. They dont know their own minds, but you do.

TYRION: Well said, youre an eloquent man. Doesnt mean youre wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.

ANNOUNCER: ...or a Westerosi Knight?!

Crowd jeers.

JORAH (O.S.): I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious Queen.

Daenerys stares at Jorah. They both hold back emotion.

HIZDAHR: Your Grace--

DAARIO: Shut your mouth.

Daenerys claps. Jorah nods. They begin fighting, with Daenerys eyes following Jorah. He takes a blow to the mouth, is knocked down and starts bleeding. He gets up, has his sword knocked away, and pulls out a dagger. He wrestles with the man trying to choke him, throws him off, then stabs him in the chest. He pulls the dagger out, looking at Daenerys, throws it away, and picks up his longsword.

Jorah squares off against a flashy fighter that just brutally stabbed another fighter through the back. He slices Jorah in the cheek. The other two fighters square off, with a heavily armored fighter wielding a spear killing his opponent. The crowd cheers.

Jorahs opponent slices Jorahs arm then knocks him over, knocking his sword out of his hand. He holds his blade to Jorahs throat. Both he and Jorah look to Daenerys.

TYRION: You can end this.

HIZDAHR: She cannot.

TYRION: You can!

The fighter holds his blade to Jorahs throat. He is about to make a move when the other fighter comes over and stabs Jorahs opponent in the back, killing him. Jorah gets up and faces the final opponent. Jorah matches the spearman, is knocked over, but catches the spear before it reaches his throat. He gets back up and the two face off again. Jorah spins, somersaults, and stabs him through the stomach, killing him. He looks up to Daenerys.

Jorah reaches for his opponents spear. He picks it up and hurls it towards Daenerys seat. Daario rushes to protect Daenerys and everyone else gets out of the way. It connects with a Son of the Harpy.

Cut to the crowd. Many audience members have put on Sons of the Harpy masks.

DAARIO: Protect your queen!

The Sons of the Harpy start slitting the throats of former slaves and Unsullied in the crowd. Unsullied guards and Daario surround Daenerys and Missandei, fighting off the Harpys. Hizdahr starts running towards Daenerys.

HIZDAHR: Your Grace, Your Grace, come with me! I know a way out! I know a way--

Two Sons of the Harpy come up on Hizdahr from behind and stab him to death. They run at Daenerys. Daario takes one out, and Jorah comes up from the pit to take Hizdahrs spot and take out the other. He offers his hand to Daenerys and she takes it. He leads her down to the pit with Daario and the Unsullied, leaving Tyrion and Missandei.

A Harpy comes towards Missandei. Tyrion comes from behind, pulls him to his knees, and slits his throat. He leads her down to the pit.

TYRION: Stay close!

Sons of the Harpy have began to rush the pit. Unsullied fight them off as Daenerys, Daario, and Jorah head towards a side exit.

JORAH: This way!

They run through the exit, but a door swings shut. A Son of the Harpy steps out and Jorah kills him.

DAARIO: The other side, follow me!

They rush towards the other side and join up with Tyrion and Missandei.

DAARIO: Protect your queen!

Jorah, Daario, and the Unsullied form a ring around Missandei, Daenerys, and Tyrion in the center of the pit. Sons of the Harpy begin to rush from the other exit they were heading towards. They surround the ring, testing out the outer ring before they begin rushing. A few make it past the outer ring but are killed by Daario. Missandei and Daenerys join hands and Daenerys closes her eyes.

A roar is heard in the distance. All of the Harpys look up. Drogon appears, breathing fire and circling the pit. The Sons run away from Daenerys to the edge of the pit. One charges at her and Drogon rips him apart. He breathes fire on 4-5 of them at a time before a spear hits his back. 2 more spears connect and he starts slowing down.

DAENERYS: Drogon!

She takes a spear from his neck. He roars at her, but then closes his mouth. She slowly reaches to touch his nose. More spears are thrown at him by Sons of the Harpy and he turns to them and roars. Daario continues to fight off every Harpy that comes near her.

Daenerys climbs onto Drogons back slowly.

DAENERYS: Valahd..

Drogon runs towards the Harpys, starts flapping and then takes off from the Pit. He flies past the Pyramid and into the sky as Tyrion, Jorah, Daario, and Missandei stare up at him.

A dragon roars in the distance.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. STANNISS CAMP - MELISANDRES TENT

Melisandre looks at the icicles hanging outside her tent and sees that they are melting.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. STANNISS CAMP - DUSK

Melisandre walks to find Stannis, stepping in a pile of mud on the way.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. STANNISS CAMP - STANNISS TENT

Stannis straps his armor on.

MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light has made good on his promise, my king. His fires have melted the snows away. The way ahead is clear.

STANNIS: We ride for Winterfell.

MELISANDRE: And you will take it. The Lord has shown me Bolton banners burning. You will receive what is yours by right.

Melisandre wraps her arms around Stannis. He brushes her off then exits the tent. She follows after him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. STANNISS CAMP

Stannis walks by his men as they prepare for battle. One soldier approaches him.

SOLDIER: Your Grace.


STANNIS: Prepare to form up.

SOLDIER: Your Grace.

The soldier waits for a response from Stannis.

STANNIS: Tell me.

SOLDIER: The men. Many deserted before dawn.

STANNIS: How many?

SOLDIER: Nearly half. All the sell-swords, with all the horses.

Stannis is speechless. He looks to Melisandre who appears even more devastated than he. Another soldier comes up to Stannis.

SOLDIER 2: Your Grace?

STANNIS: Speak up. It cant be worse than mutiny.

The man is silent.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WOODS OUTSIDE STANNISS CAMP

Stannis is led by his men to a tree. Stannis looks up and sees Selyse hanging from it. Stannis takes a long look but tries not to reveal his emotions.

STANNIS: Cut her down.

The men cut the noose and bring her to the ground.

SOLDIER: Your Grace. The Lady Melisandre was just seen riding out of camp.

Stannis seethes but says nothing.

STANNIS: Get the men into marching formation. On to Winterfell.

Stannis walks from the woods back to camp.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - LIBRARY

JON: He raised his hands. And they all stood up at once. Tens of thousands of them, the biggest army in the world.

SAM: So what are you gonna do?

JON: Im gonna hope they dont learn how to climb the wall.

SAM: But the Dragonglass?

JON (shakes his head): No ones ever getting that back, now. It wouldnt have mattered anyway, unless we had a mountain of it.

SAM (confused): But you killed a White Walker.

JON: With Longclaw. I saw them shatter steel axes like they were glass. But Longclaw

SAM: Hes made of Valyrian steel. How many Valyrian steel swords are left in the Seven Kingdoms?

JON: Not enough. (pause) The first Lord Commander in history to sacrifice the lives of sworn Brothers to save the lives of Wildlings. Hows it feel to be friends with the most hated man in Castle Black? (smiles)

SAM: You were friends with me when I first got here. And I wasnt winning any elections back then.

JON: Heres to us then. Long may they sneer.

Jon and Sam clink glasses and drink. Sam looks to Jon.

JON: What?

SAM: I wanted to ask you something. To ask something of you. Send me, Gilly, and the baby to Oldtown so I can become a Maester. Thats what Im meant to be, not this.

JON: I need you here, Sam. If you leave, whos left to give me advice I trust?

SAM: Well, theres Edd.

Jon gives Sam a look.

SAM: Ill be more use to you as a Maester. More use to everyone now that Maester Aemons gone. The Citadel has the worlds greatest library. Ill learn about history, strategy, healing. And other things. Things that will help when they come.

Jon stares at Sam, saying nothing.

SAM: If Gilly stays here then shell die. And the baby that she named after me will die. And Ill end up dying, too, trying to protect them. Which means that the last thing that Ill see in this world will be the look in her eyes when I fail them. (pause) Id rather see a thousand White Walkers than see that.

Jon inhales, exhales, then nods somberly. Sam smiles.

SAM: Thank you.

JON: You know that The Citadel will make you swear off women, too.

SAM: Theyll bloody try.

Jon looks at Sam incredulously.

JON: Sam?

SAM: What?

JON: Sam

Sam smiles.

JON: Youve just been beaten half to death. How did you--

SAM (smiling): Very carefully.

Jon smiles and lets out a small laugh.

JON: Im glad the end of the worlds working out for someone.

They sit in silence for a moment.

SAM: Ill come back.

JON (raises a glass): To your return.

SAM: To my return.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. CASTLE BLACK

Sam, Gilly, and little Sam mount the horses. Sam looks up to see Jon watching from the top of his steps.They exchange a wave, and then Sam begins riding out of Castle Black.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL

Stanniss depleted army marches onto Winterfell. Stannis is at the front with flaming heart banners flying all around him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - COURTYARD

The Bolton army is preparing for battle.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. WINTERFELL - SANSAS ROOM

Sansa uses the device she previously picked up to unlock her door. She drops the device and then exits her tower with a hood on.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - COURTYARD

Sansa walks by the Bolton men as they are preparing for battle.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL - HILL

Podrick returns to he and Briennes camp with firewood and dead rabbits. He hears screaming then looks down to see Stanniss army marching for Winterfell. He drops the wood and rabbits and sprints back to Brienne.

Brienne is staring at the Broken Tower.

PODRICK: My lady! Stannis. Stannis Baratheon is coming. His whole army.

BRIENNE: How do you know its Stannis?

PODRICK: Hes carrying his flaming heart banners. From the Blackwater. Ill never forget it.

Brienne takes one last look at the Broken Tower. She sees there is still no candle in the window.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - BROKEN TOWER

Sansa approaches the Tower with a candle in hand.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL - HILL

Brienne takes one last, hard look at the Tower, then turns around and heads for Stanniss army. Podrick grabs his axe and follows her. Right as they turn away, a candle appears at the top of the Broken Tower.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL

STANNIS: Trench here. Another one 300 yards from the castle wall. Hurry them along. And send out a foraging party immediately. The siege begins at sunrise.

SOLDIER: Theres not going to be a siege, Your Grace.

Stannis looks to the distance and sees the Bolton army racing towards him as they come over the top of a hill.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - BROKEN TOWER

Sansa looks down at the ensuing battle from the top of the Broken Tower with a candle in the window.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL

Stannis sees he the army approaching. He takes a deep breath then unsheathes his sword. Cut to an overhead shot revealing Stannis is badly outnumbered.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - BROKEN TOWER

Sansa watches from the window as the fight begins. She walks away from the window.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - WOODS

Pan across the ground to reveal all but one of Stanniss men are slaughtered alongside various banners and shields with his sigil. Stannis hobbles away from these men, using his sword as a crutch. Two Bolton men arrive on horse and kill the lone survivor of Stanniss men. They charge at Stannis, one slices his leg, but he kills them both with a dagger and sword then falls to the ground.

Stannis leans onto a tree and groans. He looks down to his bleeding leg with a resigned look, then looks up to the sound of a horse riding.

STANNIS: Bolton has women fighting for him.

Cut up to Brienne of Tarth.

BRIENNE: I do not fight for the Boltons. Im Brienne of Tarth. I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon. I was there when he was murdered by a shadow with your face. You murdered him? With blood magic?

Stannis is silent for a long moment.

STANNIS: I did.

Brienne approaches him and unsheathes her sword.

BRIENNE: In the name of Renly of House Baratheon, First of his Name, Rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm, I, Brienne of Tarth, sentence you to die. Do you have any last words?

STANNIS: Go on, do your duty.

Brienne unsheathes her sword, pulls it back, swings forward, and--
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: EXT. WINTERFELL - BATTLEFIELD

Ramsay plunges his sword into a survivor. Then he surveys the corpses on the battlefield.

RAMSAY: Looks like were done here.

Ramsay heads back towards his horse but sees one of Stanniss men is survive, and is attempting to crawl away.

SURVIVOR: I surrender. I surrender!

RAMSAY: And I accept your surrender.

Ramsay plunges his sword into the man then pulls it out and wipes the blood off.

RAMSAY (to squire): Lets head back. My wife must be lonely.

Pan out to reveal the bodies on the battlefield.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - COURTYARD

Sansa hurries through Winterfell with her hood on. She heads up the stairs, sees one of the Bolton men walking her way, and doubles back.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - BALCONY

Sansa rushes through a door towards the exit. She finds Myranda and Theon waiting for her, with Myrandas bow drawn.

MYRANDA: My lady. I have come to escort you back to your chamber.

THEON: Go with her. Please.

SANSA: I know what Ramsay is. I know what hell do to me. (looks to Theon) If Im going to die, let it happen while theres some of me left.

MYRANDA: Die? (lowers the bow) Who said anything about dying? You cant die yet. Your father was Warden of the North, and Ramsay needs you. Though I suppose he doesnt need all of you. Just the parts hell use to make his heir. Until youve given him a boy or two and hes finished using them. (raises bow) Hes got incredible plans for those parts. So. Shall we wait for him to come back, or shall we begin now?

Sansa says nothing.

MYRANDA: Youre leaving it to me? Good. Lets begin.

She draws her arrow back. Just as she goes to release it, Theon tackles her into a wall, causing the arrow to miss Sansa. They struggle for a moment.

MYRANDA: Stop! Stop!

Theon throws her over the edge, killing her on impact. As Sansa and Theon go to the edge to inspect the body, a horn begins to blare.

MAN: Open the gates!

Bolton men return from the battle and ride through the gates to Winterfell.

THEON: Hes coming back.

Theon grabs Sansas hand and leads her along the walls. They climb to the top of the wall and look down to see a pile of snow at the bottom. Theon offers his hand to Sansa, she takes it, and they leap off of the wall.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BRAAVOS - BROTHEL

Meryn Trant looks to 3 young girls in front of him and tightens his grip on the stick in his hand. He walks behind the first one and whips her, she starts crying. He does the same to the second and she cries as well. He walks up to the third girl, whose face is hidden by her hair, and whips her in the back. She doesnt react. He whips her harder in the side and doesnt get a reaction. He whips her a third time across the face and the girl still doesnt make a sound.

MERYN: I can see I have my work cut out for me.You two. Out.

The two other girls flee the room. The third removes her hair to show an unknown face. Meryn punches her in the stomach. She falls to the ground doubled over. Meryn smiles but loses the smile when he sees she is reaching for something. The girl pulls off her face, revealing she is Arya, and leaps towards Trant, stabbing him in the eye. She stabs his other eye then gags him with his shirt as he screams. He grabs at her but she stabs him in the chest until he rolls on his side.

ARYA: You were the first person on my list, you know. For killing Syrio Forel, remember him? Probably not. Ive gotten a few of the others. The Many Faced God stole a few more for me. Im glad he left me you. Do you know who I am?

Trant struggles to make a noise through the gag.

ARYA: I cant hear you.

She stabs him in the stomach.

ARYA: You know who I am. Im Arya Stark.

A look of surprise comes across Trants face, he grunts, and then Arya stabs him in the back. She removes the gag.

ARYA: Do you know who you are?

Trant whimpers.

ARYA: Youre no one. Youre nothing.

She slowly slits his throat and he keels over.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE - FACE ROOM

Arya walks into the room holding the face of the girl she wore to the brothel. She returns it to where she took it from.

JAQEN: A girl has taken a life. The wrong life.

WAIF: I was right about her.

JAQEN: You were.

WAIF: Youre not ready. Not at all.

The waif grabs Arya and holds her in front of Jaqen.

JAQEN: That mans life wasnt yours to take. A girl stole from the Many Faced God. Now a debt is owed.

Jaqen holds up the same vial he gave to Arya to give to the Thin Man. The waif holds Aryas face up near the vial as she struggles.

JAQEN: Only death can pay for life.

Jaqen drinks the vial and then falls straight to the ground.

ARYA: No! No! No, you dont die! Dont die! (sobs)

WAIF: Why are you crying?

ARYA: He was my friend.

WAIF: No he wasnt. Didnt you listen to him?

JAQEN (O.S.): He was no one.

Arya turns to see a man looking identical to Jaqen standing behind her.

ARYA: But if youre (looks to the Jaqen who drank the potion and is seemingly dead) Whos this?

JAQEN: No one at all. Just as a girl should have been before she took a face from the hall.

Arya reaches and pulls off the Jaqen face, revealing the face of an old man.

JAQEN: The faces are for no one.

Arya pulls off the old man face to reveal a younger mans face.

JAQEN: You are still someone.

Arya pulls off the young mans face to reveal a different old man.

JAQEN: And to someone

Arya pulls off multiple faces, revealing the face of multiple different men.

JAQEN: ...the faces are as good as poison.

Arya pulls off the final face and sees her own face staring back at her.

ARYA: I cant see!

Aryas vision begins to blur until the screen goes black.

ARYA: Whats happening?! Whats happening?!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. DORNE - DOCK

Myrcella kisses Prince Doran.

DORAN (to Jaime): I wish you a safe journey home.

JAIME: Thank you.

Doran looks to Ellaria and nods. She walks up to Myrcella.

ELLARIA: Forgive me child. I wish you all the happiness in the world.

Ellaria kisses Myrcella on the lips, holding the kiss then rubbing her lips. She nods to Jaime and Jaime nods back. Jaime helps Myrcella into the boat.

BRONN: Maybe Ill come visit you sometime.

TYENE: Maybe Ill come visit you.

BRONN: Dont wait too long. Ive a noble woman to marry back home.

TYENE (leans in): You want a good girl, but you need the bad pussy. (bites his ear)

JAIME (to Bronn): Whenever youre ready, My Lord.

Bronn nods to Tyene and the Snakes, then heads to the boat.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SEA OF DORNE - BOAT

Myrcella looks down at her lion necklace.

JAIME: Try not to lose it this time.

MYRCELLA: Ill never take it off again.

JAIME: I know you didnt want to leave Dorne. But Im glad youre coming home. Your mothers desperate to see you. And Im glad Trystanes coming with us. He seems like a nice boy. Youre lucky. Arranged marriages are rarely so so well arranged.

MYRCELLA: Do you think mother will like him.

JAIME: If she sees youre happy, Im sure she will.

MYRCELLA (laughing): And you really believe that?

JAIME (smiles): Have you ever known your mother to like anyone aside from her children?

MYRCELLA: She likes you.

JAIME: Im not so sure about that. Listen. Theres something Ive wanted to tell you. Something I should have told you long ago. So. Now that youve seen more of the world, youve learned how complicated things can be. People can be. The Lannisters and the Martells have hated each other for years, but youve fallen in love with Trystane. It was an accident, really, I mean what were the chances? You happen to fall in love with the man you were assigned to marry? (Myrcella laughs) My point is we dont choose whom we love. We just Its beyond our control. I sound like an idiot.

MYRCELLA: No you dont.

JAIME: What Im trying to say. What Im trying and failing to say

MYRCELLA: I know what youre trying to say.

JAIME: No. Im afraid you dont.

Myrcella stands up and looks Jaime in the eyes.

MYRCELLA: I do.

She takes his good hand in hers.

MYRCELLA: I know. About you and mother. I think a part of me always knew. And Im glad. Im glad that youre my father.

Jaime looks shocked but happy. They embrace. She releases the hug and smiles at Jaime, with blood beginning to trickle out her nose.

JAIME: Myrcella?

The bleeding gets worse.

JAIME: Myrcella?!

Myrcella collapses in Jaimes arms, blood streaming down her face.

JAIME: Myrcella?! Myrcella?!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: EXT. DORNE - DOCK

Ellaria stares at Jaimes ship from the dock. Blood begins to trickle out of her nose and splatter the floor. Tyene hands her a rag for the blood and she wipes it away then thrrows the rag away. She opens the antidote and drinks it down. She and the Sand Snakes begin walking from the dock.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID

Tyrion, Daario, and Jorah sit on the steps in Danys throne room.

TYRION (to Jorah): You love her, dont you? How could you not. Of course, its hopeless for the both of you. Sellsword from the fighting pits, a disgraced knight. Neither one of you is fit consort for a queen. But, we always want the wrong woman.

DAARIO: Does he always talk so much?

Jorah nods. Missandei brings Grey Worm into the room, with bandages around his torso.

GREY WORM: Jorah the Andal.

JORAH: Torgo Nudho.

GREY WORM: You should not be here.

DAARIO: No, but he is.

GREY WORM: Our queen ordered him exiled from city.

DAARIO: Our queen would be dead if not for him.

MISSANDEI (Valyrian): Its true. And I would be dead if not for the (look at Tyrion) little man.

TYRION (Valyrian): Dwarf. I believe thats the word. Apologies. My Valyrian is a bit nostril.

MISSANDEI: (Valyrian) A bit rusty.

TYRION: (Valyrian) Rusty (Common Tongue) Thank you.

GREY WORM: I am sorry. Sorry I am not there to fight for my queen.

DAARIO: You missed a good scrap.

JORAH: None of that matters now. The longer we sit here bantering the longer Daenerys is out there in the wilderness.

TYRION: Hes right. The dragon headed north. If were going to find her, thats where were to go.

JORAH: We? Youre a Lannister. The Queen intends to remove your family from power.

TYRION: And I intend to help her do it.

JORAH: Youve been here for how many days now? Ive fought for her for years. Since she was little more than a child.

TYRION: You betrayed her!

JORAH: Careful now.

TYRION: And she exiled you, twice, I believe?

JORAH: The second time thanks to you.

TYRION: Dont blame me for your crimes, Mormont.

DAARIO: (gestures to Tyrion) Hes right. The Queen exiled Jorah. (gestures to Jorah) And hes right, Jorah saved her life. Perhaps she feels differently about him now. Perhaps not. The only way well know is if we ask her.

TYRION: Fine, fine, I suppose he can join us. Just as long as he promises not to kill me in my sleep.

JORAH: If I ever kill you your eyes will be wide open.

DAARIO (to Tyrion): Forgive me, but why would we bring you?

TYRION: Pardon me?

DAARIO: Have you ever tracked animals in the wilderness?

TYRION: Not precisely, but I have other skills thatd be very useful--

DAARIO: Can you fight?

TYRION: I have fought. I dont claim to be a great warrior.

DAARIO: Are you good on a horse?

TYRION: Middling.

DAARIO: So mainly you talk?

TYRION: And drink. Ive survived so far.

DAARIO: Which I respect. But you would not help us on this expedition. You would help us here in Meereen, though. (to Missandei, Grey Worm, and Jorah) None of us have any experience governing a city, except for him. You want to prove your value to the queen? Prove it right here in Meereen.

JORAH: Hes a foreign dwarf that barely speaks the language. Why would the Meereenese listen to him?

DAARIO: They wouldnt. They will listen to Grey Worm.

GREY WORM: Ill come with you. Ill find our queen.

MISSANDEI: You are not strong enough to go anywhere.

GREY WORM: I am.

DAARIO: He is, hes the toughest man with no balls Ive ever met. But you still cant go. The people believe in you. They know you speak for the queen.

MISSANDEI: Its true. Only the Unsullied can keep the peace in Meereen. If you leave, half the city will consume the other half.

DAARIO: And Missandei. Our queen trusts no one more than Missandei. Certainly not me. The queens closest confidant, the commander of the Unsullied, and the foreign dwarf with the scarred face. Good fortune, my friends, Meereen is ancient and glorious. (to Tyrion) Try not to ruin her. (to Jorah) Looks like its you and me, Jorah the Andal. Lets find some good horses. We have so much to talk about.

Tyrion walks down the steps towards Missandei and Grey Worm. They exchange uncertain glances with each other.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MEEREEN - BALCONY

Tyrion stands in the place where Dany had Mossador executed and watches Jorah and Daario ride out of the city.

VOICE (O.S.): Hello, old friend.

Tyrion turns to see Varys on the balcony next to him.

VARYS: I thought we were so happy together until you abandoned me.

TYRION: I suppose theres no point in asking how you found me.

VARYS: The birds sing in the west, the birds sing in the east. If one knows how to listen. They tell me youve already found favor with the Mother of Dragons.

TYRION: Well, she didnt execute me, so thats a promising start. Now the heroes are off to find her, and Im stuck here, trying to placate a city on the brink of civil war. Any advice for an old comrade?

VARYS: Information is the key. You need to learn your enemies strengths and strategies. You need to learn which of your friends are not your friends.

TYRION: If only I knew someone with a vast network of spies.

VARYS: If only. (beat) A grand old city, choking on violence, corruption, and deceit. Who could possibly have any experience managing such a massive, ungainly beast?

Tyrion looks up to Varys with a slight smile.

TYRION: I did miss you.

VARYS: Oh, I know.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - PLATEAU

Dany looks to Drogon who is lying down in a ring full of bones.

DAENERYS: We have to go home.

Drogon lies down and grunts.

DAENERYS: My poor, sweet thing. Does it hurt? (pause) We have to go home. Drogon? Can you take me back to Meereen?

Daenerys pets his nose but gets no response.

DAENERYS: How far did you carry me? (surveys the area)

Drogon begins turning away from her to lick at his wounds.

DAENERYS: Drogon, we need to return. My people need me.

She climbs back on his back, but he hisses and bucks her off, then goes to sleep.

DAENERYS: Well, theres no food. At the very least you can hunt us some supper.

Dany begins walking across the plateau to explore. A horse gallops in the distance. Camera cuts to reveal the pony-tail of a Dothraki. Three more Dothraki men arrive on horseback. Daenerys drops her ring to the ground. Another group of Dothraki arrives, and then the rest of the khalasar. They begin circling around Daenerys, howling.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CERSEIS CELL

Cersei is huddled in the corner. She shudders as the door opens.

SEPTA: Confess. Confess.

Cersei looks up to the Septa.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - HIGH SPARROWS ROOM

Cersei is knelt before the High Sparrow in the room where she was taken away.

CERSEI: I have sinned. I see that now. How could I have been so blind for so long. I want to be clean again. I want absolution. The Crone came to me with her lamp raised high, and with its holy light--

HIGH SPARROW: You wish to make a confession?

CERSEI: Once Ive confessed, will I be free?

SPARROW: Your Grace will be dealt with according to her sins.

CERSEI: The Mother have mercy then. I lay with a man outside the bonds of marriage, I confess.

SPARROW: Name him.

CERSEI: Lancel Lannister.

SPARROW: Your cousin. And the Kings squire.

CERSEI: I was lonely and afraid.

SPARROW: You had a husband.

CERSEI: A husband of whoring every chance he got.

SPARROW: His sins do not pardon your own.

CERSEI: May the gods forgive me.

SPARROW: Other men?

CERSEI: No.

SPARROW: No others?

CERSEI: No.

SPARROW: Speaking falsehoods before the Gods is a great crime. You understand this?

CERSEI: I do.

SPARROW: There are those who say your children were not fathered by King Robert. That they are bastards born of incest and adultery.

CERSEI: A lie. A lie from the lips of Stannis Baratheon. He wants the Throne, but his brothers children stand in his way, so he claims they are not his brothers. The filth. There is not one shred of truth to it. I deny it.

SPARROW: Good. But these are terrible charges. And the realm must know the truth of them. If Your Grace has given honest testimony, your trial will prove your innocence.

CERSEI: Trial? I have confessed?

SPARROW: To a single sin. Others you have denied. Your trial will separate the truths from the falsehoods.

CERSEI: I bow to the wisdom of your High Holiness. But if I might beg for just one drop of the Mothers mercy. I havent seen my son I dont know how long its been. I need to see him. Please.

SPARROW: You have taken the first step on a path back to righteousness. In light of this, I will permit you to return to the Red Keep.

CERSEI: Thank you. Thank you.

SPARROW: The Mother is merciful. It is her you should thank.

CERSEI: I will, I will. I swear it, day and night.

SPARROW: Good.

CERSEI: Am I free to go?

SPARROW: After your atonement.

CERSEI: My atonement?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CERSEIS CELL

Cersei is stripped naked and has the dirt washed off of her by the septas. After they scrub her clean, they sit her down and begin chopping her hair away with a knife. They leave her naked, with short hair and a bloody scalp, and then shut the door on her.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. KINGS LANDING - GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

Cersei is carried to the top of the steps, in front of a massive crowd of Kings Landing citizens.

SPARROW: A sinner comes before you. Cersei of House Lannister, mother to his Grace King Tommen, widow to his Grace King Robert. She has committed the acts of falsehood and fornication. She has confessed her sins and begged for forgiveness. To demonstrate her repentance, she will cast aside all pride, all artifice, and present herself as the gods made her, to you. The good people of the city. She comes before you with a solemn heart. Shorn of secrets. Naked before the eyes of gods and men. To make her walk of atonement.

The septas remove her robe. She stands naked before the citizens of Kings Landing, who gasp. They force her to start walking down the stairs.

SEPTA: Shame. Shame. Shame. (rings bell)

The septa repeats Shame. Shame. Shame. and rings the bell through the duration of Cerseis walk. Cersei is escorted by the Sparrows through the crowd of people. Silence at first, but once one man yells Cunt!, she begins to be heckled.

CROWD: Bitch! Whore! All hail her royal tits!

They begin pelting her with food. A prostitute runs in front of Cersei with her breasts out.

WOMAN: Ive had half as many cocks as the queen!

The sparrows force her out of Cerseis way. A man with his penis out runs in front of her later in the walk.

MAN: Suck me off! Suck me off, you bitch!

As Cersei approaches the end of her walk things get more violent. A man spits directly in her face, and a Sparrow has to beat a woman with a club as she charges Cersei. She is knocked to her knees at the end of her walk, but gets back to her feet when she sees the Red Keep in the distance. She finally reaches the end of the walk of atonement, and enters the Red Keep, sobbing.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. RED KEEP

Kevan Lannister, Grand Maester Pycelle, Qyburn, and the Lannister guards wait for her. Qyburn rushes to cover her naked body with a blanket as Cersei begins weeping.

QYBURN: Your Grace. Its good to have you back. Come. Well take you inside. I need to have a look at those feet.

Cut to her bloody feet. We hear two giant footsteps off screen.

QYBURN: May I have the honor of presenting the newest member of the Kingsguard.

A hulking man, who is revealed to have a blue face through the eye holes in his helm, walks over to Qyburn and Cersei. He takes Cersei in his arms.

QYBURN: If it please Your Grace, hes taken a holy vow of silence. He has sworn that he will not speak until all his Graces enemies are dead, and the evil has been driven from the realm.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. CASTLE BLACK

Jon and Davos exit the elevator.

DAVOS: He came to your aid. Stannis. Now he needs you!

JON: We dont have enough men to make any difference.

DAVOS: The wildlings will make a difference!

JON: The wildlings wont ever fight for Stannis, I told you before--

DAVOS: You saved their bloody lives. If theyre going to live in the Seven Kingdoms, safe behind our wall, they ought to fight for the damn place.

JON: Its not their fight!

The gates to Castle Black are opened and Melisandre arrives, alone and on horseback. Jon and Davos rush over to her.

JON: Stannis?

No response.

DAVOS: Shireen? The princess?

A long look but no response. Melisandre walks away from the two of them.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - JONS ROOM

Jon goes through the various scrolls on his desk. Olly enters the room.

OLLY: Lord Commander. Its one of the wildlings you brought back. Says he knows your Uncle Benjen. Says hes still alive.

JON (stands up): Are you sure hes talking about Benjen?

OLLY: Says he was first Ranger. Said he knows where to find him.

Jon rushes out of his room down to the ground. He is met by Alliser.

ALLISER: Man says he saw your uncle at Hardhome the last full moon.

JON: He could be lying.

ALLISER: Could be. There are ways to find out.

JON: Where is he?

ALLISER: Over there.

Jon walks past a group of Brothers holding torches. He sees a sign that reads TRAITOR when he passes them, and turns to see he is cornered. Alliser stabs him in the gut.

ALLISER: For the Watch.

Another Brother stabs him.

BROTHER: For the Watch.

A third Brother stabs him.

BROTHER: For the Watch.

A fourth brother stabs him.

BROTHER: For the Watch.

A fifth brother stabs him.

BROTHER: For the Watch.

Jon falls to his knees, struggling but still alive. Olly walks up to Jon.

JON: Olly

Olly stabs him.

OLLY: For the Watch.

Jon stays on his knees, then falls backwards. The Brothers walk away from him. Jon lays on the ground, expressionless. A puddle of blood spreads to the top of the screen.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. CASTLE BLACK - NIGHT
Pan down from the inside of The Wall towards Castle Black. GHOST is howling. Slow zoom to JON SNOWs body, lying in the snow. A sign with the word TRAITOR is posted on a beam behind him. Closeup on JON SNOW. He is staring upwards, lifelessly. GHOST howls louder and pushes against the door to his pen.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - DAVOS CHAMBER

DAVOS hears GHOSTs howling and exits, then peers across the courtyard and sees JON SNOWs body. He immediately runs down the steps. He slows as he approaches JON SNOWs body. Other brothers of the Nights Watch approach. DAVOS kneels beside JON SNOWs body.

NIGHTS WATCHMAN: Its the Lord Commander!

DOLOROUS EDD and other Nights Watchmen rush up behind DAVOS.

DAVOS: Help me get him inside.

The other Nights Watch brothers pick up JON SNOWs body and carry it away. DAVOS remains, staring at the left over pool of blood.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - ROOM

DOLOROUS EDD wipes the table clean. The other Nights Watch brothers place JON SNOWs body on the table. DOLOROUS EDD places his hand on JON SNOWs wounds, then brushes JON SNOWs eyes closed.

DOLOROUS EDD: Thorne did this.

DAVOS: How many of your brothers do you think you can trust?

DOLOROUS EDD: Trust? The men in this room.

DAVOS: Does the wolf know you?

DOLOROUS EDD looks at DAVOS over his shoulder and nods.

DAVOS: We need all the help we can get.

As DOLOROUS EDD moves towards the door, someone knocks on it. The Nights Watch brothers draw their blades.

MELISANDRE (O.S.): Ser Davos.

DOLOROUS EDD looks over his shoulder at DAVOS. DAVOS nods. The Nights Watch brothers sheathe their swords. DOLOROUS EDD walks to the door and opens it. MELISANDRE enters. DOLOROUS EDD closes the door behind her. MELISANDRE is distressed at the sight of JON SNOWs body.

MELISANDRE: I saw him in the flames, fighting at Winterfell.

DAVOS: I cant speak for the flames, but hes gone.

MELISANDRE touches JON SNOWs cheek.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - MESS HALL

ALLISER THORNE sits at the high table among the other leaders of the Nights Watch. The rest of the Nights Watch brothers are shouting at each other.

MALE VOICE #1: He was our Lord Commander!

MALE VOICE #2: He never should have been!

ALLISER THORNE pounds his fist three times on the high table, then stands. The room quiets.

ALLISER THORNE: You all know why youre here. Jon Snow is dead.

NIGHTS WATCHMAN #1: Who killed him?

ALLISER THORNE: I did.

The Nights Watch brothers resume shouting.

ALLISER THORNE: And Bowen Marsh and Othell Yarwyck and the other officers in this castle.

NIGHTS WATCHMEN #1: Murderers!

NIGHTS WATCHMAN #2: Traitors!

The shouting resumes. OLLIE walks up beside the high table. ALLISER THORNE pounds the high table again.

ALLISER THORNE: Youre right!

The shouting stops.

ALLISER THORNE: Weve committed treason, all of us. Jon Snow was my Lord Commander. I had no love for him. That was no secret. But I never once disobeyed an order. Loyalty is the foundation on which the Nights Watch is built, and the Watch means everything to me. I have given my life, we have all given our lives to the Nights Watch. Jon Snow was going to destroy the Nights Watch. He let the wildlings through our gates, as no Lord Commander has ever done before. He gave them the very land on which they reaved and raped and murdered. Lord Commander Snow did what he thought was right, Ive no doubt about that. And what he thought was right would have been the end of us. He thrust a terrible choice upon us, and we made it.

The men begin to murmur among themselves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - ROOM

GHOST nudges JON SNOWs hand and whimpers.

DAVOS: Hell have seen we didnt come. Thorne will have made it official by now. Castle Black is his.

DOLOROUS EDD: I dont care whos sitting at the high table. Jon was my friend, and those fuckers butchered him. Now we return the favor.

DAVOS: We dont have the numbers.

DOLOROUS EDD: We have a direwolf.

DAVOS: Its not enough. I didnt know Lord Commander Snow for long, but I have to believe he wouldnt have wanted his friends to die for nothing.

DOLOROUS EDD: If you were planning to see tomorrow, you picked the wrong room. We all die today. I say we do our best to take Thorne with us when we go.

DAVOS: We need to fight, but we dont need to die. Not if we have help.

NIGHTS WATCHMAN: Whos gonna help us?

DAVOS: Youre not the only ones who owe your lives to Jon Snow.

DOLOROUS EDDs washes over with realization. He turns to the Nights Watchman at his side.

DOLOROUS EDD: Bolt the door. Dont let anyone in. Ill be back as soon as I can.

DOLOROUS EDD leaves through the door.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - DAY
Two men sit on horses on a hill outside Winterfell. They carry flags bearing the flayed man sigil of House Bolton.

RAMSAY (V.O.): She was 11 the first time I saw her.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL - ROOM

MYRANDAs body lies on a table.

RAMSAY: The kennelmasters daughter. She smelled of dog. I wasnt much older, but everybody was already afraid of me. You certainly were.

RAMSAY turns and looks at MAESTER WOLKAN, then looks back at MYRANDAs body..

RAMSAY: Myranda wasnt, though. What could I do to her that those hounds couldnt? She was fearless. There was nothing she wouldnt do.

RAMSAY stands and places his hand on MYRANDAs forehead.

RAMSAY: Your pain will be paid for a thousand times over. I wish you could be here to watch.

RAMSAY looks as though he is going to cry.

MAESTER WOLKAN: Shall I have a grave dug for her, my lord? Or would you rather the men build a pyre?

RAMSAY: Buried, burned?

RAMSAY walks past MAESTER WOLKAN as he exits the room.

RAMSAY: This is good meat. Feed it to the hounds.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL - HALLWAY

RAMSAY is walking with ROOSE.

ROOSE: Your command of the cavalry was impressive. Thanks to you, the false king Stannis Baratheon is dead. Do you know who struck the killing blow?

RAMSAY: No.

ROOSE: A shame. Id reward the man. Still, a great victory. Do you feel like a victor?

RAMSAY and ROOSE stop walking. RAMSAY looks back over his shoulder at ROOSE.

ROOSE: I rebelled against the crown to arrange your marriage to Sansa Stark. Do you think that burning wagons in the night and mowing down tired, outnumbered Baratheons is the same as facing a prepared and provisioned Lannister army?

RAMSAY: No.

ROOSE walks past RAMSAY into Winterfells great hall.

ROOSE: A reckoning will come. We need the North to face it. The entire North. They wont back us without Sansa Stark. We no longer have Sansa Stark. You played your games with her. You played your games with the heir to the Iron Islands and now theyre both gone.

RAMSAY: I have a team of men after them with some of my best hounds. They wont get far.

ROOSE: Im glad to hear it. Without Sansa, you wont be able to produce an heir. And without an heir, well

ROOSE sits at the dinner table. RAMSAY stares at him, astonished.

ROOSE: ...lets hope the maesters are right and Lady Walders carrying a boy.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. NORTHERN WILDERNESS
SANSA and THEON are running through the woods frantically. The barking of dogs can be heard in the distance. SANSA tires. THEON runs back to hear and pulls her onward.

THEON: We cant stop.

The pair resume running. They happen upon a large, snowy river.

THEON: We have to cross here.

SANSA steps on a patch of thin ice and gasps.

SANSA: I cant.

THEON: Its the only way to throw off the hounds.

SANSA: But its too cold. I cant. I wont make it. Ill die.

THEON: Ive seen what his hounds do to a person. This way is better.

THEON guides SANSA into the water. SANSA gasps at the cold. The both wade across.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: NORTHERN WILDERNESS - WOODS

THEON and SANSA are walking together. They are blue with cold. Barking can no longer be heard. THEON spots something off camera.

THEON: Over here. Come on.

THEON leads SANSA to an overturned tree. Its roots provide shelter from the snow. They sit down under the roots, shivering.

THEON: Sansa. Sansa.

THEON wraps his arms around SANSA. She rests her head on his shoulder and closes her eyes. Dogs barking can suddenly be heard closeby.

THEON: Stay here. Ill lure them away.

SANSA: No, I wont make it without you.

THEON: You will. Go north, only north. Jon is Lord Commander at Castle Black. Hell help you.

THEON runs into the woods but is immediately confronted by House Bolton soldiers and hounds.

BOLTON OFFICER: Where is Lady Bolton?

THEON: Dead.

BOLTON OFFICER: Liar.

THEON: She broke her leg jumping from the ramparts. I left her to die in the snow.

The dogs catch SANSAs scent and begin barking. They lead the soldiers to SANSA under the roots of the tree. SANSA cowers from them.

BOLTON OFFICER: I cant wait to see what parts Ramsay cuts off you this time.

One of the soldiers grabs SANSA and pulls her to her feet. A horse whinnies in the distance. The soldiers draw their weapons. BRIENNE and PODRICK ride towards the soldiers with their sword drawn.

BOLTON OFFICER: Its a bloody woman.

BRIENNE cuts down BOLTON OFFICER as she rides past. PODRICK engages one of the soldiers in mounted combat. BRIENNE faces off with another mounted soldier. Their blades clash, but neither is hit. As BRIENNE rides past him, another soldier knocks her from her horse. She drops her blade but scrambles to retrieve it when she sees a soldier advancing towards her on foot. When she reaches the blade, the soldier kicks her. She retrieves the blade again and stands, engaging him in a swordfight. She cuts him down. A mounted soldier charges at BRIENNE. She jumps and strikes him, causing his horse to fall over, trapping him beneath it. While PODRICK continues his mounted sword fight, THEON grabs the blade of a fallen soldier off the ground. PODRICK cuts down the soldier he is fighting and they both fall from their horses. Another soldier advances on PODRICK, and they begin fighting. BRIENNE crawls over to the man trapped beneath his horse and slits his throat with a dagger. The soldier PODRICK is fighting knocks PODRICKs sword out of his hand. PODRICK falls to the ground. Just before the soldier is about to strike PODRICK, THEON stabs the soldier from behind. PODRICK stands up. BRIENNE walks over to SANSA. SANSA stands up to confront her. BRIENNE places her blade on the ground in front of SANSA and kneels before her.

BRIENNE: Lady Sansa, I offer my services once again. I will shield your back and keep your council and give my life for yours if need be. I swear it by the old gods and the new.

SANSA turns at looks at THEON for confirmation. THEON nods his head.

SANSA: And I vow...that you shall always have a place by my hearth and

PODRICK: Meat and mead at my table.

SANSA: Meat and mead at my table. And I pledge to ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the old gods and the new. Arise.

BRIENNE stands up. SANSA smiles at BRIENNE.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. KINGS LANDING - DAY
A ship with sails bearing the sun and spear sigil of House Martell approaches the Red Keep.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

CERSEI is sitting in the dark by a table. The door to her chamber opens and a handmaiden enters.

HANDMAIDEN: Your Grace, Im sorry to disturb you. A ship from Dorne has sailed into the harbor.

CERSEI smiles.

CERSEI: Myrcella
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - COURTYARD

CERSEI runs through the courtyard and out to the harbor. She descends the steps to the harbor where a small boat is coming to shore. Her smile fades. As the small boat gets closer to shore, it is revealed to be carrying JAIME and a casket. CERSEI begins to tear up.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

JAIME is standing on the balcony, looking out. A bell tolls in the background. JAIME turns and looks back into CERSEIs room, then enters it.

CERSEI: Do you remember the first time you saw a dead body?

JAIME: Mother.

CERSEI: All I could think about when she died was what would happen to her now. Every day, every night, what does Mama look like now? Has she started to bloat? Has her skin turned black? Have her lips peeled back from her teeth?

CERSEI begins to tear up.

CERSEI: I think about locking Myrcella in a crypt.

JAIME walks over to CERSEI and kneels in front of her.

CERSEI: I think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse.

JAIME: Shh, shh. Dont think about it.

CERSEI: I have to. I have to. Its not right she has to suffer alone.

JAIME: Shes not suffering. Shes gone. No one can hurt her anymore.

CERSEI (crying): She was good. From her first breath, she was so sweet. I dont know where she came from. She was nothing like me. No meanness, no jealous, just good.

JAIME: I know.

CERSEI: I thought if I could make something so good, so pure...maybe Im not a monster.

JAIME: Listen -- listen to me. She was my daughter and I failed her.

CERSEI: No, I knew this would happen. The witch told me years ago. She promised me three children. She promised me theyd die. And gold their shrouds. Everything she said came true. You couldnt have stopped it. Its prophecy. Its fate.

JAIME: You dont believe that.

CERSEI: Of course I do. You told me yourself when Father died. You said we had to stay together. You said people would try to tear us apart, take whats ours. That was a prophecy, too. I didnt listen to you, and everything you said came true.

JAIME places his hand on CERSEIs cheek..

JAIME: Fuck prophecy. Fuck fate. Fuck everyone who isnt us.Were the only ones who matter, the only ones in this world. And everything theyve taken from us, were going to take back and more.

JAIME embraces CERSEI.

JAIME: Were going to take everything there is.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - MARGAERYs CELL
SEPTA UNELLA is reading scripture to MARGAERY.

SEPTA UNELLA: The Seven Hells brim with the souls of saintly men. They scream in agony and their shame is so great, they do not feel the flames, for now they see if not for a single sin they concealed, they were saved.

MARGAERY: Id like to see my brother.

SEPTA UNELLA: Confess.

MARGAERY: Please. How is he? At least tell me that.

SEPTA UNELLA: Confess.

MARGAERY: I am the queen and I demand to see my brother.

SEPTA UNELLA: Sinners dont make commands. They make confessions.

SEPTA UNELLA slams the scripture book closed and approaches MARGAERY aggressively.

The door opens and HIGH SPARROW enters.

HIGH SPARROW: Septa Unella.

HIGH SPARROW sighs.

HIGH SPARROW: Our other guests need you.

SEPTA UNELLA exits. HIGH SPARROW walks over to MARGAERY and gently pulls her hair away from her face.

HIGH SPARROW (whispering): There.

MARGAERY looks up at HIGH SPARROW.

HIGH SPARROW: Septa Unella can be overzealous at times. Ill speak with her.

MARGAERY: My brother, can you tell me how he is?

HIGH SPARROW sits on a stool beside MARGAERY.

HIGH SPARROW: It isnt Ser Loras that brings me here. Your husband misses you dearly. The love between a man and wife is sacred. It reflects the love the gods have for all of us. But sin leads us away from the sacred. And only confession can purge sin.

MARGAERY: I have nothing to confess.

HIGH SPARROW: So you believe you are pure? Perfect? Wholly without sin?

MARGAERY: None of us are.

HIGH SPARROW: You have started down the path. But you have many miles to go..

HIGH SPARROW exits. MARGAERY hugs her knees.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. SUNSPEAR COURTYARD - DAY
ELLARIA is assisting DORAN to his wheelchair. They are accompanied by TYENE, AREO, and several guards.

DORAN: I always envied Oberyn. He lived. He truly lived. Sailed around the world. Fought men from every country. Lay with the most beautiful women alive.

ELLARIA: And men.

DORAN: And men. He experienced everything, while I sat here in Dorne trying my best to keep my people alive and well fed. But that is life. We each have our roles.

DORAN sits in his wheelchair. ELLARIA places a pillow behind him.

DORAN: Oberyn was born to be an adventurer. And I was born to rule.

ELLARIA: The gods are not fools. You would have been a lousy adventurer. And Oberyn, pfft, he would have been a terrible ruler.

A maester approaches.

DORAN (to TYENE): Your mother is a brilliant woman, you know that?

MAESTER: Prince Doran.

The maester bows and hands DORAN a scroll. DORAN unravels and reads it.

DORAN: The Princess Myrcella

TYENE produces a dagger from her boot and stabs AREO in the back, killing him. ELLARIA produces a dagger of her own and stabs DORAN in the chest. The maester tries to run away, but TYENE retrieves her dagger from AREOs body and throws it into the back of the maesters neck, killing him. ELLARIA removes her dagger from DORANs chest and pushes him to the ground. The remaining guards do nothing.

ELLARIA: When was the last time you left this palace? You dont know your own people. Their disgust for you. Elia Martell raped and murdered, and you did nothing. Oberyn martell butchered, and you did nothing. Youre not a Dornishman. Youre not our prince.

DORAN is bleeding out on the ground. He gasps for air.

DORAN: My son Trystane

ELLARIA scoffs.

ELLARIA: Your son is weak just like you. And weak men will never rule Dorne again.

DORAN dies.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: SUNSPEAR - TRYSTANES CHAMBER

TRYSTANE is painting an eye on a stone. OBARA and NYMERIA enter. TRYSTANE does not look at them.

TRYSTANE: I told you Im not hungry.

OBARA: Were not here to feed you.

TRYSTANE stands and turns around to look at them.

OBARA: Were here to kill you.

OBARA walks to the opposite side of the room. NYMERIA remains by the door. TRYSTANE reaches for his sword.

NYMERIA: You want her to do it or me?

TRYSTANE: We are family. I dont want to hurt you.

NYMERIA: Her or me?

TRYSTANE draws his blade and points it at NYMERIA.

NYMERIA: Good.

OBARA: Smart boy.

TRYSTANE steps between the two women, readying himself to fight NYMERIA. OBARA stabs him through the back of his head with her spear.

NYMERIA: Youre a greedy bitch, you know that?

OBARA and NYMERIA exit.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MEEREEN TOWNSHIP - DAY
TYRION and VARYS are walking through the streets together.

TYRION: Were never going to fix whats wrong with this city from the top of an 800-foot pyramid.

VARYS looks over his shoulder at a passing commoner.

TYRION: Well be fine. Were dressed like common merchants.

VARYS: You walk like a rich person.

TYRION: Youve spent a lot of time studying the way rich people walk?

VARYS: You walk as though the paving stones were your personal property. I used to steal from people like you when I was a boy.

TYRION: Its a good thing youre not a boy anymore...because you have no cock.

A woman is lying in the street holding a baby. TYRION and VARYS approach.

TYRION (speaking Valyrian): For your baby. To eat.

The woman cowers away from TYRION.

VARYS (to TYRION): She thinks you want to eat her baby.

VARYS kneels.

VARYS (speaking Valyrian): His Valyrian is terrible. He only wants to give you money, so your baby can eat.

VARYS hands the woman money. She gestures at them to thank them, and they walk on. They walk into a courtyard where KILL THE MASTERS is written in red on a wall. Beneath it, MHYSA IS A MASTER, is written.

VARYS: Mhysa means mother in Valyrian.

TYRION: I know what mhysa means.

VARYS: Who wrote it?

TYRION: Hard to know. Our queen is not as popular in Meereen as she used to be.

VARYS: The Sons of the Harpy?

TYRION: Very possibly. Daenerys Targaryen took away their most valuable property, told them human beings werent even property to begin with. You can see why theyre unhappy. Of course, it could also be the freed men.

TYRION and VARYS enter a chamber where a red priest is preaching to a group of listeners.

LISTENERS (speaking Valyrian): For the night is dark and full of terrors.

RED PRIEST: The Lord of Light sent the Mother of Dragons to you, and those who love the darkness chased her away.

TYRION: Many of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them.

VARYS: She did fly away on a dragon and not come back.

RED PRIEST: How will you respond? Will you wring your hands, while you wait for the Mother of Dragons to return? Or will you you take up her flames yourselves? Will you fight for your own salvation, now that Queen Daenerys is not here to fight for you?

TYRION: Its a problem.

TYRION and VARYS proceed in a much larger courtyard.

TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to a standstill. Whoever you are, wherever you go, someone in this city wants to murder you. We cant fight an enemy we dont know.

VARYS: The Sons of the Harpy planned their attack in the fighting pits very carefully, which means they take orders from someone.

TYRION: And have you started looking for that someone?

VARYS: My little birds have already taken wing. Soon theyll return, singing songs of men in gold masks.

Men are shouting in the distance. A bell begins to toll. A flood of people run through an archway on the opposite side of the courtyard toward TYRION and VARYS, then run past them. TYRION and VARYS proceed through the archway and into the harbor. Smoke pours from the burning wreckage of all the ships in the harbor.

TYRION: Well, we wont be sailing to Westeros anytime soon.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. ESSOS COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
JORAH and DAARIO are riding horses across the countryside. Cut to JORAH kneeling. He is lifting the charred skull of a ram. DAARIO remains on his horse.

DAARIO: Goat?

JORAH: Ram.

DAARIO: You think our friend got him?

JORAH: Dont know anything else that can melt a rams horn.

DAARIO: Were on the right path, then.

JORAH and DAARIO return to their horses. They proceed across the countryside.

DAARIO: Perhaps shes tired of being queen. I dont think she likes it very much.

JORAH: Shes too smart to like it.

DAARIO: Maybe shes flown somewhere else, somewhere far away from men like us.

JORAH: Ive been all over the world. Theres no escaping men like us.

DAARIO: Theres no escaping her, eh? You keep coming back. Why?

JORAH: You know why.

DAARIO: isnt it frustrating wanting someone who doesnt want you back?

JORAH: Of course it is.

DAARIO: Youre a romantic. I admire that. Sometimes I look at you and I think, So thats what Ill be like when I grow old.

JORAH: If you grow old.

DAARIO: If I grow old. I hope I do. I want to see what the world looks like when shes done conquering it.

JORAH: So do I.

JORAH stops his horse. DAARIO proceeds ahead. JORAH pulls back his sleeve and looks at the growing patch of Greyscale on his forearm. The men resume riding in unison. They pull up on a circular swathe of horse tracks. There is a smaller circle of untouched grass in the center of the swathe.

DAARIO: Huh, an army?

JORAH: Not an army. A horde.

JORAH dismounts his horse and walks to the circle of untouched grass.

DAARIO: Dothraki?

JORAH looks down and sees something in the grass. He bends down and retrieves a ring.

JORAH: They have her.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. ESSOS ARID LANDS - DAY
The Dothraki horde is traveling together in great numbers. DAENERYS is walking beside the horse of two Dothraki bloodriders. DAENERYS trips. BLOODRIDER #1 whips her. Both men laugh. They speak in Dothraki.

BLOODRIDER #1: Maybe she saw a ghost. My friends mother saw a ghost and her hair turned white.

BLOODRIDER #2: Pink people are afraid of the sun. It burns their skin. This one stands too long in the sun and her hair goes white.

BLOODRIDER #1: You think shes got white pussy hair too? You ever been with a girl with white pussy hair?

BLOODRIDER #2: Only when I was fucking your grandma.

BLOODRIDER #1 chuckles and makes a kissing sound at DAENERYS.

BLOODRIDER #1 (to DAENERYS): Ill ask Khal Moro for a night with you. What do you think?

BLOODRIDER #2: Pretty eyes, but shes an idiot.

BLOODRIDER #1: She doesnt have to be smart to get fucked in the ass.

BLOODRIDER #2: I like to talk when Im finished. Otherwise, we might as well be dogs.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: ESSOS ARID LANDS - DOTHRAKI SETTLEMENT

The Dothraki folk are tending to their affairs. BLOODRIDER #1 and BLOODRIDER #2 escort DAENERYS to KHAL MOROs tent. KHAL MORO is sitting with his wives and other bloodriders.

BLOODRIDER #2: For you, my Khal. The white-haired girl we found in the hills.

BLOODRIDER #1 pushes DAENERYS towards KHAL MORO. KHAL MORO considers her. The attendants speak in Dothraki.

BLOODRIDER #3: Look at those lips, blood of my blood.

WIFE #1: Blue-eyed women are witches.

WIFE #2: It is known.

WIFE#1: Cut off her head, before she casts a spell on you.

KHAL MORO stands and walks around DAENERYS.

KHAL MORO: Even if I was blind, Id hear my wives say, Cut off her head and Id know this woman was beautiful. Im glad Im not blind. Seeing a beautiful woman naked for the first time, what is better than that?

BLOODRIDER #3: Killing another Khal?

KHAL MORO: Yes, killing another Khal.

BLOODRIDER #4: Conquering a city and taking her people as slaves, and taking her idols back to Vaes Dothrak.

BLOODRIDER #3: Breaking a wild horse, forcing it to submit to your will.

KHAL MORO (annoyed): Seeing a beautiful woman naked for the first time is among the five best things in life.

KHAL MORO grabs DAENERYS by the chest.

DAENERYS (speaking Dothraki): Do not touch me.

The bloodriders and wives look at each other. KHAL MORO released DAENERYS.

DAENERYS: I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, the Unburnt, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar of the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons.

KHAL MORO and his bloodriders laugh. He places his hand on the back of DAENERYS head

KHAL MORO: You are nobody, the millionth of your name, Queen of Nothing, slave of Khal Moro. Tonight I will lie with you, and if the Great Stallion is kind, you will give me a son. Do you understand?

DAENERYS: I will not lie with you. And I will bear no children, for you, or anyone else. Not until the sun rises in the west, and sets in the east.

WIFE #1: I told you she was a witch. Cut off her head.

KHAL MORO: I like her. She has spirit.

DAENERYS: I was wife of Khal Drogo, son of Khal Bharbo.

KHAL MORO takes his hand away from DAENERYS and steps backwards.

KHAL MORO: Khal Drogo is dead.

DAENERYS: I know. I burnt his body.

KHAL MORO: Forgive me. I did not know. It is forbidden to lie with a Khals widow. No one will touch you. You have my word.

KHAL MORO draws his blade and cuts DAENERYS bindings.

DAENERYS: If you will escort me back to Meereen, I will see that your khalasar is given a thousand horses, as a sign of my gratitude.

KHAL MORO: When a Khal dies, there is only one place for his Khaleesi.

KHAL MORO sits down.

WIFE #1: Vaes Dothrak. The Temple of the Dosh Khaleen.

WIFE #2: To live out her days with the widows of dead Khals.It is known.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS STREET - DAY
An older man walks through the street carrying a basket. He walks past a beggar. The beggar is revealed to be ARYA. Another man walks up and places a coin in ARYAs beggar bowl.

ARYA: Thank you.

ARYA falls silent and listens to the chatter of the common folk. The waif of the House of Black and White appears carrying two staves.

WAIF: Are you listening, blind girl? Do you hear them talking? Do any of them talk to you? No. So sad.

WAIF holds out one of the staves and throws it at ARYA. ARYA catches it clumsily. WAIF hits ARYA with the other staff, knocking her over.

WAIF: Stand and fight, blind girl.

ARYA stands, holding the staff out in front of her.

ARYA: I cant see.

WAIF: Thats your problem, not mine.

WAIF strikes ARYA on the leg. ARYA cries out and swings her staff. She misses. WAIF jabs ARYA in the stomach with the end of the staff, then knocks her to the ground. ARYA stands back up and swings her staff. She misses again. WAIF strikes ARYA in the face with her staff twice. The second blow knocks ARYA over. ARYA stands up and swings for a third time. She misses again. WAIF strikes ARYA several more times, then knocks her to the ground again. ARYA tries to get up by leaning on her staff, but WAIF knocks the staff out of her hands.

WAIF: See you tomorrow.

WAIF walks away. ARYA remains on her knees, panting.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. CASTLE BLACK COURTYARD - DAY
Several Nights Watch brothers allied to ALLISER THORNE are pointing crossbows at the room that DAVOS and the other Nights Watch brothers allied with JON SNOW are holed up. ALLISER THORNE approaches the door to the room with several men and knocks. The Nights Watch brothers inside draw their sword and GHOST growls. DAVOS stands up and walks to the door. ALLISER THORNE knocks again.

ALLISER THORNE: Ser Davos, we have no cause to fight. We are both anointed knights.

DAVOS: Hear that, lads? Nothing to fear.

ALLISER THORNE: I will grant amnesty to all brothers who thrown down their arms before nightfall. And you, Ser Davos, I will allow you to travel south, a free man with a fresh horse.

DAVOS: And some mutton. Id like some mutton.

ALLISER THORNE: What?

DAVOS: Im not much of a hunter. Ill need some food if Im gonna make it south without starving.

ALLISER THORNE: Well give you food. You can bring the Red Woman with you if you like. Or you can leave her here with us, whichever you choose. But surrender by nightfall or this ends with blood.

DAVOS: Thank you, Ser Alliser. Well discuss amongst ourselves and come back to you with an answer.

ALLISER THORNE and his men leave.

DAVOS: Boys, Ive been running from men like that ll my life. In my learned opinion, we open that door --

NIGHTS WATCHMAN #1: And theyll slaughter us all.

NIGHTS WATCHMAN #2: They want to come in, theyre gonna come in.

DAVOS: Aye, but we dont need to make it easy for them.

NIGHTS WATCHMAN #2: Edd is our only chance.

NIGHTS WATCHMAN #1: Its a sad fucking statement if Dolorous Edd is our only chance.

DAVOS: Theres always the Red Woman.

NIGHTS WATCHMAN #1: Whats one redhead gonna do against 40 armed men?

DAVOS: You havent seen her do what Ive seen her do.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - MELISANDRES CHAMBER

MELISANDRE is sitting at the edge of her bed by a fire. She looks across the room at a small mirror standing on a table, then walks over to it. MELISANDRE gazes into the mirror, then disrobes. She removes her collar. The gemstone in its center glimmers. She places the collar on the table beside the mirror. The mirrors reflection reveals that her appearance has changed to that of an en extremely elderly woman. MELISANDRE continues to stare at herself in the mirror, then walks back over to the bed and gets under the covers.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE

THREE-EYED RAVEN is tangled in the roots of the great weirwood. His eyes are pure white. BRAN is lying below the tangle, gripping a single root. His eyes are also pure white.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - WINTERFELL

YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN are sparring with wooden swords in the commons. BRAN and THREE-EYED RAVEN are standing on a balcony above the courtyard, watching. YOUNG NED knocks YOUNG BENJEN to the ground.

YOUNG RODRIK: Give him another go, Ned.

YOUNG NED helps YOUNG BENJEN to his feet.

BRAN (to THREE-EYED RAVEN): Thats my father. And my Uncle Benjen.

YOUNG NED (to YOUNG BENJEN): Keep your shield up or Ill ring your head like a bell.

YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN begin sparring again. BRAN looks around the commons at the citizens of Winterfell going about their business.

BRAN: They were all so happy.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: So were you once.

YOUNG LYANNA rides into the courtyard on a horse. She circles around YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN.

YOUNG NED: Stop showing off.

YOUNG BENJEN: Lyanna!

BRAN: My Aunt Lyanna. Ive seen her statue in the crypt. My father never talked about her.

Closeup on THREE-EYED RAVEN. He turns to look at BRAN, but BRAN has already walked away. BRAN walks closer to the group. YOUNG LYANNA is being helped off her horse by YOUNG HODOR.

YOUNG BENJEN: Would you get out of here? Were sparring.

YOUNG LYANNA: Who are you gonna spar with when Ned goes off to the Eyrie?

YOUNG BENJEN: I dont know.

YOUNG LYANNA turns and looks at YOUNG HODOR.

YOUNG LYANNA: What about him?

YOUNG NED: Wylis, come here.

BRAN turns to look at YOUNG HODOR. THREE-EYED RAVEN reaches BRANs side.

BRAN: Hodor?

YOUNG LYANNA walks over to YOUNG HODOR with a wooden sword and shield.

YOUNG BENJEN: But hes got giants blood.

YOUNG NED: And youve got training. Sounds like a fair match to me.

YOUNG LYANNA: Benjen always lifts his chin when hes about to charge.

YOUNG HODOR takes the sword and shield.

YOUNG HODOR: And lowers it when hes going to dodge, my lady.

BRAN: Hodor talks?

YOUNG HODOR walks over to YOUNG BENJEN. They both ready to commence sparring, but stop when NAN appears.

NAN: You leave the fighting to the little lords, Wylis. Come along, now. Its no place for you.

NAN takes YOUNG HODOR by the ear and leads him away.

YOUNG NED: Oh, Nan, look at the size of him. If he ever learned to fight, hed be unstoppable.

NAN: Well, hes never going to learn to fight because hes a stable boy. So leave him be.

THREE-EYED RAVEN (to BRAN): It is time to go.

BRAN: Please, a little longer.

THREE-EYED RAVEN touches BRAN on the shoulder.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE

BRAN is released from the vision. He gasps, then lets go of the root. The white fades from his eyes. A CHILD OF THE FOREST is sitting nearby, staring at him. He props himself up on his wrists and looks at THREE-EYED RAVEN.

BRAN: You finally show me something I care about and then you drag me away.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: It is beautiful beneath the sea, but if you stay too long, youll drown.

BRAN: I wasnt drowning. I was home.

CHILD OF THE FOREST and THREE-EYED RAVEN exchange a glance. BRAN turns to HODOR, who is sitting with his back against a wall.

BRAN: Wylis.

HODOR: Hodor.

BRAN: I saw you as a boy. You could talk. What happened?

HODOR: Hodor.

BRAN: Wheres Meera?

HODOR: Hodor.

HODOR carries BRAN outside and sets him down in the snow. MEERA is sitting in the snow at the base of the great weirwood, staring out at the tundra.

BRAN: You shouldnt be here. Its not safe outside the cave.

MEERA: Its not safe anywhere.

BRAN: I saw that Hodor wasnt always Hodor.

HODOR: Hodor.

BRAN: His real name is Wylis. And he could talk and fight and -- and then --

MEERA turns and looks at BRAN.

BRAN: Whats wrong?

MEERA casts her eyes down and looks away.

BRAN: The Three-Eyed Raven says theres a war coming.

MEERA: And were going to fight it in there.

MEERA scoffs and turns away. HODOR picks BRAN up and carries him back inside. A side view of MEERA reveals the same CHILD OF THE FOREST who was watching BRAN, sitting among some stones and frozen shrubbery..

CHILD OF THE FOREST: Brandon Stark needs you.

MEERA: For what? I sit in there and I watch him have his visions and nothing ever happens.

CHILD OF THE FOREST: He isnt going to stay there forever. And out there he needs you.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. CASTLE BLACK COURTYARD - NIGHT
The Nights Watch members allied to ALLISER THORNE are poised with crossbows pointed at the room DAVOS and the other Nights Watch members faithful to JON SNOW are in. ALLISER THORNE is outside the door to the room, accompanied by several others who are loyal to him. Inside the room, JON SNOWs body remains on the table. DAVOS, the faithfuls, and GHOST are all standing.

ALLISER THORNE: Its time, Ser Davos. Open the door and the men inside can rejoin their brothers in peace. Well even set the wolf free north of the Wall where it belongs. Nobody needs to die tonight.

DAVOS turns to address the Nights Watch faithfuls.

DAVOS: Ive never been much of a fighter.

DAVOS walks over to Longclaw, JON SNOWs sword, and picks it up.

DAVOS: Apologies for what youre about to see.

DAVOS unsheathes Longclaw. The faithfuls follow suit, drawing their own blades.ALLISER THORNE turns to address a Nights Watchman.

ALLISER THORNE: Come on.

The Nights Watchman lifts and large hammer and walks over to the door. He begins slamming the hammer against the door repeatedly. GHOST begins to growl and bark. DAVOS and company ready themselves for battle. After a number of swings, the Nights Watchman with the hammer breaks a hole in the door. A loud thudding can be heard somewhere behind ALLISER THORNE and company. They turn to see what the noise is. The thudding is coming from one of the courtyards main gates. WUN WUN breaks down the gate and the Wildlings led by TORMUND and DOLOROUS EDD rush into the courtyard. The Nights Watch loyal to ALLISER THORNE have bows drawn at the Wildlings but do not fire. They back up slowly.

ALLISER THORNE: Attack!

ALLISER THORNE draws his sword. A Nights Watchman charged TORMUND. TORMUND cuts him down. The other Nights Watch members do not retaliate.

ALLISER THORNE: Fight, you cowards!

A Nights Watchman on a balcony shoots WUN WUN in the shoulder with a crossbow bolt. WUN WUN turns to face the man, then grabs him by the legs, slams him against a wall, and tosses his body to the ground in front of ALLISER THORNE. The Nights Watch members allied to ALLISER THORNE begin dropping their weaponry. TORMUND and DOLOROUS EDD approach ALLISER THORNE, swords drawn.

ALLISER THORNE (to DOLOROUS EDD): You fucking traitor.

DOLOROUS EDD: The only traitors here are the ones who shoved their knives into their Lord Commanders heart.

ALLISER THORNE: For thousands of years the Nights Watch has held Castle Black against the Wildlings.

TORMUND: Until you.

OLLY shouts and charges at TORMUND with his sword. TORMUND grabs OLLY and disarms him, then tosses him to another man who restrains him. Two men take ALLISER THORNE by the arms.

DOLOROUS EDD: Throw them into the cells where they belong.

The men drag ALLISER THORNE, OLLY, and the Nights Watch betrayers away. TORMUND, DOLOROUS EDD, and DAVOS enter the room where JON SNOWs body is. They stare down at him and his wounds.

TORMUND: Took a lot of knives. Ill have my men get the wood for a fire. Bodies to burn.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. KINGS LANDING COMMONS - DAY
Many male commoners are gathered together at a place for eating. They are all watching one commoner man tell a story.

STORYTELLER: Right, so there she is, high and mighty Queen Cersei, tits and ass jiggling in the breeze.

The commoners laugh.

STORYTELLER: All of a sudden she looks my way. Gives me a little smile like, Well? So, all right, you know, Ive never been shy and Im blessed down south, so I put it right out. Shes never seen anything like it. I mean, shes used to her brother, and from what I hear, Jaime Lannisters half an inch shy of an inch. She sees it and I swear to the gods she licks her lips. Well, you all know me. You know I wouldnt lie about this.

The STORYTELLER walks into a dark alleyway to relieve himself. He is drunk. GREGOR walks up behind him. The STORYTELLER looks up at GREGOR. GREGOR bounces his head off the wall, killing him, then walks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

CERSEI is standing in the center of the room,. She pulls a loose thread from the sleeve of her dress and examines it. GREGOR enters. CERSEI walks past him and exits her chamber. GREGOR follows. When they reach the bottom of the steps, they are confronted by a group of the kings soldiers.

CERSEI: Get out of my way.

KINGS SOLDIER: Kings orders, Your Grace.

CERSEI: What are the kings orders?

KINGS SOLDIER: He would like you to remain in the Red Keep, Your Grace, for your own protection.

CERSEI: Youre barring me from attending my own daughters funeral?

KINGS SOLDIER: Forgive me, Your Grace, by the kings command, I cannot let you pass.

CERSEI: I would like to speak to my son.

KINGS SOLDIER: He has left the Red Keep, Your Grace.

GREGOR grabs the hilt of his sword. The kings soldiers also take hold of their weapons. GREGOR looks at CERSEI. CERSEI turns and walks back up the stairs. GREGOR follows.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING - GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

TOMMEN and JAIME are standing beside the body of MYRCELLA. She has funeral stones over her eyes, with painted eyes on them.

TOMMEN: She grew up.

JAIME: Almost.

TOMMEN: Have we caught Prince Trystanes killers? I expect it was Mother.

JAIME: Your mother wouldnt do that.

TOMMEN: Yes, she would.

JAIME: Are you angry with her?

TOMMEN: Of course not.

JAIME: Then why didnt you let her come? She has every right to be here.

TOMMEN: They told me she wouldnt be allowed in the sept. If she had tried --

JAIME: Theyre not putting your mother in a cell ever again. Not while Im here. Why havent you gone to see her? Everything she endured, she did it for you.

TOMMEN: Dont you think I know that? Im sorry. But I cant.

JAIME: Why not?

TOMMEN: When the Faith Militant seized her and Margaery, what did I do? When they paraded her through the streets like a whore, what did I do?

JAIME: We all fail sometimes.

TOMMEN: The king is supposed to be the Protector of the Realm. If I cant even protect my own wife or my own mother, what good am I?

The HIGH SPARROW enters the sept. JAIME takes TOMMEN by the shoulder.

JAIME: Go and see your mother and ask her to forgive you.

JAIME and TOMMEN to address the HIGH SPARROW.

HIGH SPARROW: Your Grace. Lord Commander.

TOMMEN: I want to see my wife.

HIGH SPARROW: The gods wait for Queen Margaery to confess her crimes and seek their mercy. The king must wait as well.

JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen.

TOMMEN exits.

JAIME: Youre a bold man.

HIGH SPARROW: On the contrary. I fear a great deal. The Father, the Mother, the Warrior.

The HIGH SPARROW approaches MYRCELLAs body.

HIGH SPARROW: Do you know why we use these stones? To remind us not to fear death. We close our eyes on this world and open them on the next.

JAIME: You must long for the next life.

HIGH SPARROW: In truth, I fear that, too.

JAIME: You imprisoned and humiliated my sister.

HIGH SPARROW: Your sister sought the gods mercy and atoned for her sin.

JAIME: What about my sins?

JAIME approaches the HIGH SPARROW.

JAIME: I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king in the back. I killed my own cousin. When the gods judged my brother guilty, I helped him escape their justice. What atonement do I deserve?

JAIME grips the hilt of his dagger and partially draws it.

HIGH SPARROW: You would spill blood in this holy place?

JAIME: Oh, the gods wont mind. Theyve spilled more blood than the rest of us combined.

HIGH SPARROW: Go on, then. I deserve it. We all do. We are weak, vain creatures. We live only by the Mothers mercy.

A great number of the Faith Militant encircle JAIME and the HIGH SPARROW on the steps of the sept.

JAIME: They should be closer if you mean for them to save you.

HIGH SPARROW: I dont. Theyd never reach me before you struck.

JAIME: Ive fought against worse odds.

HIGH SPARROW: No doubt many of us would fall. But who are we, hmm? We have no names, no family. Every one of us is poor and powerless. And yet together, we can overthrow an empire.

The HIGH SPARROW walks slowly away from JAIME.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

CERSEI is looking over the balcony at Kings Landing. TOMMEN enters her chamber.

TOMMEN: Mother.

CERSEI walks in from the balcony.

CERSEI: Did they put her in the red gown or the gold?

TOMMEN: Gold.

CERSEI: Good. It was always her color.

CERSEI walks over to a side table and drinks a sip of wine. Her back is facing TOMMEN.

TOMMEN: Im sorry for keeping you here. I shouldnt have, but I was -- I didnt want to lose you again.

CERSEI: I understand. Im glad to see you.

TOMMEN: I know I should have come sooner. I wanted to. I was wrong.

CERSEI: Its all right.

TOMMEN: No, it isnt.

CERSEI turns to face TOMMEN.

TOMMEN: I should have executed all of them. I should have pulled down the sept onto the High Sparrows head before I let them do that to you, as you would have for me. You raised me to be strong...and I wasnt. But I want to be. Help me.

CERSEI: Always.

CERSEI and TOMMEN embrace.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MEEREEN GREAT PYRAMID - NIGHT
The golden statue previously knocked from the top of the pyramid lies in the sand at the foot of the pyramid.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT PYRAMID - ROYAL CHAMBERS

TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are gathered together in council. TYRION pours himself a glass of wine. VARYS tsks at him.

TYRION: If I lost my cock, Id drink all the time.

TYRION looks at GREY WORM.

TYRION: Meaning no offense. He makes dwarf jokes, I make eunuch jokes.

VARYS: I do not make dwarf jokes.

TYRION: You think them.

VARYS sighs.

VARYS: So, the fleet. Its been burned.

GREY WORM: We are searching for the men who burned the ships, but nobody saw anything.

TYRION: Surely theres some good news lurking somewhere.

VARYS: Astapor and Yunkai have stopped asking us for aid.

TYRION: Perhaps they can tell us their secret.

VARYS: The Masters have retaken both cities. Outside of Meereen, the whole of Slavers Bay has returned to the slavers.

TYRION: What about the dragons? We have two of them here beneath the pyramid.

MISSANDEI: They are not eating. They havent touched any food since Queen Daenerys left.

TYRION: Daenerys is the dragon queen. Cant very well let the dragons starve, thats obvious.

GREY WORM: If a dragon does not want to eat, how do you force him to eat?

TYRION: Dragons do not do well in captivity.

MISSANDEI: How do you know this?

TYRION: Thats what I do. I drink and I know things.

TYRION finishes his glass of wine and walks over to the pitcher to pour himself another glass.

TYRION: The dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles. Then Daeneryss ancestors started chaining them up in pens. A few generations later, the last dragons were no larger than cats. They must be unchained or theyll waste away. Missandei, how many times were you in the company of these dragons?

MISSANDEI: Many times.

TYRION: And did they ever harm you?

MISSANDEI: Never.

TYRION: Dragons are intelligent. More intelligent than men according to some maesters. They have affection for their friends and fury for their enemies. I am their friend.

VARYS: Do they know that?

TYRION: They will. Its time they had their supper.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - CATACOMBS

TYRION and VARYS enter the dragons holding chamber bearing torches. TYRION begins walking slowly down the steps. VARYS remains at the top. When TYRION reaches the floor, he pauses and stares into the darkness. Faint growling can be heard. TYRION stops and looks back at VARYS momentarily. RHAEGAL and VISERION emerge from the shadows. VISERION lights a fire in his mouth and roars at TYRION. RHAEGAL approaches with a small roar.

TYRION (to RHAEGAL): Im friends with your mother. Im here to help. Dont eat the help.

TYRION chuckles nervously. RHAEGAL growls at TYRION. TYRION approaches cautiously.

TYRION: When I was a child an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my name day. I begged him for one of you. It wouldnt even have to be a big dragon, I told him. It could be little, like me.

TYRION sets down his torch and gets closer to RHAEGAL.

TYRION: Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they had ever heard. Then my father told me the last dragon had died a century ago. I cried myself to sleep that night.

TYRION touches RHAEGAL on the neck.

TYRION: But here you are.

TYRION takes hold of the piston keeping RHAEGALs shackle closed and pulls it free. The shackle falls the ground. TYRION turns around to see VISERION growling at him. VISERION exposes his neck to TYRION. TYRION approaches and releases the piston from VISERIONs shackle. RHAEGAL and VISERION return to the shadows. TYRION picks up his torch and hurries up the steps.

TYRION: Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS COMMONS - DAY

ARYA is sitting on the ground against the wall of a street. The WAIF appears, staff in hand.

WAIF: Whats your name?

ARYA grabs her staff and rushes to her feet. The WAIF smacks ARYA in the face, drawing blood. ARYA approaches the sound of the WAIFs voice, but the WAIF has already moved to the side.

WAIF: Whats your name?

ARYA: No one.

WAIF: I dont believe that.

ARYA swings her staff at the WAIF, but misses. The WAIF hits ARYA in the side.

WAIF: You dont believe that.

ARYA swings her staff at the WAIF again, but misses again. The WAIF hits ARYAoin the other side. ARYA rushes towards the WAIF and trips on some steps, falling to the ground. She grabs her staff and stands back up. The WAIF hits ARYA three more times, knocking her to the ground on the third. ARYA stands up and swings at the WAIF again, and misses for a third time. The WAIF hits ARYA in the face, knocking her to the ground again. ARYA is panting heavily. She returns to her feet, screams, and swings her staff around her many times. The WAIF has disappeared. The Faceless Man, taking on the visage of JAQEN HGHAR, catches ARYAs staff mid-swing.

JAQEN: Who are you?

ARYA: No one.

JAQEN: If a girl says her name, a man will let her sleep under a roof tonight.

ARYA: A girl has no name.

JAQEN: If a girl says her name, a man will feed her tonight.

ARYA: A girl has no name.

JAQEN: If a girl says her name, a man will give her eyes back.

ARYA: A girl has no name.

JAQEN releases ARYAs staff.

JAQEN: Come.

ARYA turns around and walks to her beggar basket.

JAQEN: Leave it. A girl is not a beggar anymore.

ARYA follows JAQEN.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. WINTERFELL - DINING HALL

ROOSE, RAMSAY, and LORD KARSTARK are gathered at the dining table, talking. RAMSAY and LORD KARSTARK are standing, while ROOSE remains seated at the head of the table.

LORD KARSTARK: He came upon the bodies on our way here.

ROOSE: Half a dozen men? Your best hunters?

RAMSAY: They obviously had help.

ROOSE: I didnt think lady Sansa killed them all by herself. Thank you for this report, Lord Kastark.

RAMSAY: We know where shes going. Her brothers at Castle Black.

LORD KARSTARK: Ned Starks last surviving son?

ROOSE: Jon Snow is a bastard, not a Stark.

RAMSAY: So was I, Father.

LORD KARSTARK: Your hold on the North will never be secure as long as a Stark can walk through that door.

RAMSAY: Castle Black isnt defended on the southern side. And the few men left are barely men at all. Farm boys and thieves. With a small force we could storm the castle, kill Jon Snow --

ROOSE: Murder the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch? Youd unite every house in the North against us.

RAMSAY: We dont need every house in the North. The Umbers, the Manderlys, and the Karstarks. command more soldiers than all the other houses combined. With their support, none could challenge us.

LORD KARSTARK: The Starks lost my house the day King Rob cut off my fathers head. Its time for new blood in the North.

ROOSE looks at both his son and lord Karstark. He gets up and stands in front of them.

ROOSE: If you acquire a reputation as a mad dog, youll be treated as a mad dog. Taken out back and slaughtered for pig feed.

MAESTER WOLKAN enters and interrupts them.

MAESTER WOLKAN: My lords. Lady Walda has given birth. A boy. Red-cheeked and healthy.

LORD KARSTARK: My congratulations, Lord Bolton.

RAMSAY steps towards his father. They hug.

RAMSEY: Congratulations, Father. I look forward to meeting my new brother.

ROOSE puts his hand on RAMSAYs shoulder.

ROOSE: Youll always be my firstborn.

RAMSAY: Thank you for saying that. It means a great deal to me.

RAMSAY stabs ROOSE in the gut with a knife. ROOSE falls to the ground. ROOSE dies. RAMSAY steps away from ROOSE and cleans his knife.

RAMSAY: Maester Wolkan, send ravens to all the Northern houses. Roose Bolton is dead. Poisoned by our enemies.

MAESTER WOLKAN does not respond.

RAMSAY: How did he die?

MAESTER WOLKAN: Poisoned by his enemies.

LORD KARSTARK: You're talking to your lord. Use respect.

MAESTER WOLKAN: Forgive me, my lord.

RAMSAY: Send for Lady Walda and the baby.

MAESTER WOLKAN: Shes resting, my lord.

RAMSAY glares at MAESTER WOLKAN.

MAESTER WOLKAN: At once, my lord.

RAMSAY looks down at ROOSE's body.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL - COMMONS

RAMSAY is standing alone. LADY WALDA walks to RAMSAY carrying her newborn son.

RAMSAY: There he is.

LADY WALDA: Isnt he wonderful?

LADY WALDA shows RAMSAY her son.

RAMSEY: May I hold him?

LADY WALDA: Of course.

RAMSAY takes the baby.

RAMSAY: Little brother.

LADY WALDA: Lord Bolton sent for us. Have you seen him?

LADY WALDA reaches for the baby. RAMSAY hands the baby to her.

RAMSAY: Of course. Follow me, Mother.

RAMSAY and LADY WALDA walk to the kennel and enter. RAMSAY opens the gate. The dogs bark. RAMSAY closes the gate and locks it. LADY WALDA looks around.

LADY WALDA: Where is Lord Bolton?

The dogs bark even louder.

RAMSAY (to the dogs): Down!

The baby starts crying. LADY WALDA tries to soothe the baby.

LADY WALDA: Its all right. Come on, shh.

RAMSAY opens the door of a kennel.

LADY WALDA: Its cold out here, Ramsay. I need to feed him.

RAMSAY opens the doors of all the kennels one by one.

LADY WALDA: Ramsay, where is your father? Ramsay? Where is Lord Bolton?

RAMSAY walks back over to LADY WALDA.

RAMSAY: I am Lord Bolton.

LADY WALDA looks at her baby.

LADY WALDA: Ramsay. Ramsay, please. Ill leave Winterfell. Ill go back to the Riverlands. Please. Ramsay. Hes your brother.

RAMSEY: I prefer being an only child.

RAMSEY whisles at the dogs. They exit their pens and attack LADY WALDA and the baby. LADY WALDA screams. The dogs kill them.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. NORTHERN WILDERNESS - DAY

THEON is gathering wood. He glances at SANSA and BRIENNE, who are in conversation. PODRICK is making a fire.

BRIENNE: I saw her with a man. I dont think he hurt her. She didnt want to leave him, he didnt want to leave her.

SANSA: You dont know which way she went?

BRIENNE: I spent three days looking for her. She disappeared.

SANSA: How did she look?

BRIENNE: She looked good. She wasnt exactly dressed like a lady.

SANSA smiles.

SANSA: No, she wouldnt be.

BRIENNE: What happened at Winterfell?

SANSA pauses and tears up.

SANSA: I shouldve gone with you while I had the chance.

BRIENNE: It was a difficult choice, my lady.

BRIENNE looks at THEON.

BRIENNE: Weve all had to make difficult choices.

THEON stands up and walks away from PODRICK. SANSA stands and walks to THEON.

THEON: We shouldnt be lighting fires. Its not safe. He wont stop hunting us.

SANSA: We just have to make it to Castle Black. Once were with Jon, Ramsay wont be able to touch us.

THEON: Jon will have me killed the moment I step through the gate.

SANSA: I wont let him. Ill tell him the truth about Bran and Rickon.

THEON: And the truth about the farm boys I killed in their place? The truth about Ser Rodrik, who I beheaded?

SANSA looks to the ground.

THEON: And the truth about Rob, who I betrayed?

SANSA: When you take the black, all your crimes are forgiven.

THEON: I dont want to be forgiven. I can never make amends to your family for all the things that Ive done. Theyll keep you safer than I ever could.

SANSA: Youre not coming with us?

THEON: I would have taken you all the way to the Wall. I would have died to get you there.

SANSA hugs THEON. They both cry.

THEON: May I take one of the horses?

SANSA: Where will you go?

THEON: Home.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. PYKE CASTLE - NIGHT

A storm is raging.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: PYKE CASTLE - GREAT HALL

YARA and BALON are standing and speaking. BALON stands at the fireplace with his back to YARA.

YARA: The Glovers have retaken Deepwood Motte.

BALON: And the Ironborn who held it?

YARA: They died fighting to a man.

BALON: What is dead may never die.

YARA: What is dead may never die.

YARA places the piece of paper she was reading from on a table.

YARA: But they did and our invasion died with them. Deepwood Motte was our last stronghold on the mainland.

BALON: They we will take more.

YARA: Why? For more pinecones and rocks?

BALON turns around to face YARA.

BALON: Because I order it.

YARA: We can defeat anyone at sea, but well never hold lands and castles against mainland armies.

BALON walks to YARA.

BALON: Not if our captains defy my orders, abandon their posts, and sacrifice our men on foolish mission.

YARA: I wont apologize for trying to rescue Theon.

BALON: Then where is he?

YARA: Where is your kingdom? We took those castles because the northerners marched off to war. That war is over. The last time we provoked them too far, I watched from that window as they breached our walls and knocked down our towers. I lost two brothers that day.

BALON: And I lost three sons. The War of the Five Kings, they call it. Well, the other four are dead. When you rule the Iron Islands, you can wage all the peace you wan. But for now, shut your mouth and obey or I will make another heir who will.

BALON exits the hall.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: PYKE CASTLE - BRIDGE

Rain is pouring down. BALON begins to cross the unsteady bridge. He leans on the ropes and looks down at the ocean, then sees a cloaked figure on the other side of the bridge.

BALON: Let me pass. You fool, move aside for your king.

HOODED FIGURE: Havent I always, brother?

The hooded figure takes off his hood, revealing his identity. He is EURON GREYJOY. BALON walks a few steps closer.

BALON: I thought youd be rotting under some foreign sea by now.

EURON: What is dead may never die.

BALON does not respond.

EURON: Has the custom changed since Ive been gone? Arent you supposed to repeat the words?

BALON: You can mock our god without my help.

EURON: I dont mock the Drowned God. I am the Drowned God. From Oldtown to Qarth, when men see my sails, they pray.

The wind buffets the bridge back and forth. BALON tries to hold his balance. EURON chuckles.

EURON: Youre old, brother. You've had your time. Now let another rule.

BALON walks towards his brother.

BALON: I heard you lost your mind during the storm on the Jade Sea. They tied you to the mast to keep you from jumping overboard.

EURON: They did.

BALON: And when the storm passed, you cut out their tongues.

EURON: I needed silence.

BALON: What kind of an Ironborn loses his senses during a storm?

EURON: I am the storm, brother. The first storm and the last.And youre in my way.

BALON draws a knife and slashes EURON across the face. EURON throws BALON off the bridge. BALON falls to his death.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: PYKE ISLAND BEACH - DAY

Many Ironborn are in attendance for BALON's funeral. AERON GREYJOY and several Drowned Men are gathered around BALON's body. They are performing funeral rites, covering it with rocks, seaweed, and wood. YARA approaches. YARA and the Drowned Men walk BALON's body through the shallows.

AERON: Lord, take your servant Balon back beneath the waves. Feed the creatures of your kingdom on his flesh. Pull his bones down to your depths to rest beside his ancestors and his children.

ALL: What is dead may never die.

YARA: Im going to find out who did this. Im going to feed them to the sharks while they live. I swear it by the Salt Throne.

AERON: The Salt Throne is not yours to swear upon, not unless the kingsmoot chooses you.

YARA: My father wouldve wanted me to rule.

AERON: Your father does not get to choose. The law is clear. Perhaps you'll win. Perhaps youll be the first woman in history to rule the Ironborn. And perhaps not.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - MELISANDRES CHAMBER
MELISANDRE is sitting at the fireplace. Someone knocks on the door.

MELISANDRE: Come in.

DAVOS enters.

DAVOS: I'm sorry, my lady. I didnt mean to interrupt.

MELISANDRE: You interrupt nothing.

DAVOS looks at the fireplace and then at MELISANDRE.

DAVOS: I assume you know why Im here.

MELISANDRE: I will after you tell me.

DAVOS: Its about the Lord Commander.

MELISANDRE: The former Lord Commander.

DAVOS: Does he have to be?

MELISANDRE looks at DAVOS.

MELISANDRE: What are you asking?

DAVOS: Do you know of any magic...that could help him? Bring him back?

MELISANDRE: If you want to help him, leave him be.

DAVOS: Can it be done?

MELISANDRE: There are some with his power.

DAVOS: How?

MELISANDRE: I dont know.

DAVOS: Have you seen it done?

MELISANDRE: I met a man who came back from the dead, but the priest who did it -- It shouldnt have been possible.

DAVOS: But it was. It could be now.

MELISANDRE: Not for me.

MELISANDRE stands and walks away from her chair. DAVOS walks towards her.

DAVOS: Not for you? I saw you drink poison that shouldve killed you. I saw you give birth to a demon made of shadows.

MELISANDRE: Everything I believed, the great victory I saw in the flames, all of it was a lie.

MELISANDRE looks at DAVOS.

MELISANDRE: You were right all along. The Lord never spoke to me.

DAVOS: Fuck him, then. Fuck all of them. Im not a devout man, obviously. Seven Gods, drowned gods, tree gods, it's all the same.

DAVOS comes a step closer to MELISANDRE

DAVOS: Im not asking the Lord of Light for help.Im asking the woman who showed me that miracles exist.

MELISANDRE: I never had this gift.

DAVOS: Have you ever tried?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - ROOM

DAVOS, TORMUND, DOLOROUS EDD, and MELISANDRE are gathered around JON SNOW's body. GHOST is sleeping on the floor. MELISANDRE is performing a ritual on JON SNOW's body. She wrings out a wet cloth with which she cleans out the wounds of JON SNOW. She cuts his hair and beard and throws the hairs in a firepit. Then she places her hands on JON SNOW's chest and utters an incantation in Valyrian. She sighs.

MELISANDRE: Please.

MELISANDRE lets her hands down slowly. She has tears in her eyes and looks to DAVOS. TORMUND scoffs and exits, followed by MELISANDRE and DOLOROUS EDD. DAVOS lingers and stares at JON SNOW's body, but eventually exits. GHOST suddenly wakes up and looks at JON SNOW. JON SNOW's eyes snap open and he gasps for breath.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. CASTLE BLACK ROOM
DAVOS is staring at JON SNOW. JON SNOW slowly sits up on the table, breathing heavily. He turns his head to look at DAVOS. GHOST is standing in front of JON SNOW, also staring at him. JON SNOW looks down at his body and sees his stab wounds. He begins gasping and shaking. DAVOS takes off his cloak and rushes over to JON SNOW. JON SNOW attempts to stand but falters. DAVOS catches JON SNOW and wraps him in his cloak.

DAVOS: Easy, easy. Easy.

DAVOS ushers JON SNOW back into a sitting position. MELISANDRE enters and stares at JON SNOW.

DAVOS: What do you remember?

JON SNOW: They stabbed me. Olly...he put a knife in my heart. I shouldnt be here.

DAVOS: The lady brought you back.

MELISANDRE approaches JON SNOW and kneels in front of him.

MELISANDRE: Afterwards, after they stabbed you, after you died, where did you go? What did you see?

JON SNOW: Nothing. There was nothing at all.

MELISANDRE: The Lord let you come back for a reason. Stannis was not the prince who was promised, but someone has to be.

DAVOS (to MELISANDRE): Could you give us a moment?

MELISANDRE rises and exits the room. DAVOS closes the door behind her, grabs a stool, and sits down in front of JON SNOW.

DAVOS: You were dead. And now youre not. Thats completely fucking mad, seems to me. I can only imagine how it seems to you.

JON SNOW: I did what I thought was right. And I got murdered for it. And now Im back. Why?

DAVOS: I dont know. Maybe well never know. What does it matter? You go on. You fight for as long as you can. You clean up as much of the shit as you can.

JON SNOW: I dont know how to do that. I thought I did, but...I failed.

DAVOS: Good. Now go fail again.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - COURTYARD

DOLOROUS EDD, TORMUND, the faithful Nights Watch members, and the Wildlings are all gathered in the courtyard, staring up at the entrance to the room JON SNOW was in. JON SNOW emerges on the balcony, supported by DAVOS. He stares out at the crowd, then walks down the steps with the help of DAVOS and begins walking through the crowd. The men on either side part to let him pass. TORMUND walks up the middle to confront JON SNOW.

TORMUND: They think youre some kind of god. The man who returned from the dead.

JON SNOW: Im not a god.

TORMUND: I know that.

TORMUND moves closer to JON SNOW and whispers in his ear.

TORMUND: I saw your pecker. What kind of god would have a pecker that small?

JON SNOW and TORMUND both chuckle and embrace. JON SNOW winces, then spies DOLOROUS EDD and begins walking towards him. They embrace, and JON SNOW winces again.

DOLOROUS EDD: Your eyes are still brown. Is that still you in there?

JON SNOW: I think so. Hold off on burning my body for now.

DOLOROUS EDD laughs.

DOLOROUS EDD: Thats funny. You sure thats still you in there?

Both men laugh.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. VESSEL ON NARROW SEA - NIGHT
A storm is raging, causing rough wind and water to buffet the vessel back and forth. GILLY peers out at the storm through a window in the hull of the ship and smiles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VESSEL - HOLD

GILLY is sitting on the edge of a cot with LITTLE SAM. Various crewmembers are going about their business. SAMWELL is huddled over a bucket, quivering. He groans and gags. GILLY approaches him.

GILLY: You all right?

SAMWELL: Yes. Yes, Im fine.

GILLY: Did I ever tell you I used to think the sea was called the see because it was nothing but water as far as the eye could see?

SAMWELL: I dont think so.

GILLY: Sea, see. Theyre spelled different, but they sound the same.

SAMWELL: Yeah, they do.

GILLY: It was before I learned how to read, obviously.

SAMWELL scrunches up his face.

GILLY: Sam, are you going to be sick?

SAMWELL shakes his head and then vomits into the bucket. GILLY retrieves a water skin and hands it to SAMWELL. He washes out his mouth with water.

GILLY: Wont be long. Well be in the south soon. Im excited to see Oldtown. Captain says its the most beautiful city in Westeros. Are you going to vomit again?

SAMWELL: No. No, no, no. The Citadel doesnt admit women. There wont be a place for you there or for Little Sam.

GILLY: I stayed at Castle Black. Theres no women allowed there.

SAMWELL: The Citadel isnt Castle Black. I dont have a Jon Snow or a Maester Aemon to help me bend the rules.

GILLY: Ill stay in Oldtown, then.

SAMWELL: By yourself? With a baby and no money?

GILLY stands.

GILLY: So if were not going to Oldtown, where are you taking me?

SAMWELL: To my home. Horn Hill. My fathers -- well, my father, but my mothers a kind woman and my sisters lovely. Theyll take care of you both.

GILLY: Wherever you go, I go, too. Thats what you said.

GILLY returns to LITTLE SAM and sits down on the cot. SAMWELL rises and follows her.

SAMWELL: I said that because I want you and Little Same to be safe. Thats all I want -- to become a maester so I can help Jon when the time comes so youll be safe

GILLY: Us and everyone else in the world.

SAMWELL: I dont care about them. Well, no, I do, but I dont really. I care about you and him.

GILLY: I know that, Sam. And he does, too. You're the only one who ever has.

GILLY places her hand on SAMWELLs back.

GILLY: If you think its for the best, we trust you.

SAMWELL: Id feel better if you threw something at me and stormed off.

GILLY: Id never do that to the father of my son.

SAMWELL smiles and looks at LITTLE SAM, then vomits into a bucket and coughs.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. VISION OF THE PAST - TOWER OF JOY
NED STARK rides towards the Tower of Joy with six companions. One of the companions is HOWLAND REED. Two Kingsguard are sitting at the foot of the tower, one of which is ARTHUR DAYNE.When they see the horses approaching, they retrieve their gear and walk out to meet them. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN are standing on an outcropping, watching events unfold. NED dismounts his horse.

BRAN: Thats my father.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: The man beside him is Howland Reed, Meeras father.

The Kingsguard walk past BRAN and THREE-EYED RAVEN.

BRAN: Ser Arthur Dayne.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: The Sword of the Morning.

BRAN: Father said he was the best swordsman he ever saw.

NED and his companions confront the Kingsguard. ARTHUR stabs his sword into the dirt.

ARTHUR: Lord Stark.

NED: I looked for you on the Trident.

ARTHUR: We werent there.

KINGSGUARD: Your friend the usurper would lie beneath the ground if we had been.

NED: The Mad King is dead. Rhaegar lies beneath the ground. Why werent you there to protect your prince?

ARTHUR: Our prince wanted us here.

NED: Wheres my sister?

ARTHUR: I wish you good fortune in the wars to come.

ARTHUR and the other Kingsguard put on their helmets.

ARTHUR: And now it begins.

The Kingsguard draw their blades.

NED: No. Now it ends.

NED and his men draw their blades and attack. ARTHUR cuts down HOWLAND. The other Kingsguard runs one of NEDs men through with his sword. NED engages in single combat with the other Kingsguard and stabs him through the throat. NED and his three remaining men surround ARTHUR. NED and his men attack all at once, but ARTHUR deflects all of their blows repeatedly, then repositions himself. He kills one of NEDs men with a downward strike from both of his blades. NED and the two remaining men advance on ARTHUR. ARTHUR deflects their blows again and slices the throat of another man, then runs another through with his blade. NED engages ARTHUR in single combat.

BRAN: Hes better than my father.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: Far better.

BRAN: But Father beat him.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: Did he?

BRAN: I know he did. Heard the story a thousand times.

ARTHUR traps NEDs blade and wrenches it from his hands. ARTHUR makes a motion to strike NED down, but HOWLAND stabs ARTHUR in the back. ARTHUR falls to his knees.

BRAN: He stabbed him in the back.

NED retrieves a sword and slashes ARTHUR with it, killing him. A woman screams from the Tower and NED storms towards it.

BRAN: Whats in the tower?

THREE-EYED RAVEN: Thats enough for one day. Well visit again another time.

BRAN: I want to see where hes going.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: Time to go.

BRAN: Father!

NED stops on the stairs and turns around in the direction of BRANs yelling but sees nothing and proceeds up the stairs. BRAN chases after him but is intercepted by the THREE-EYED RAVEN, who touches him on the shoulder.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE

The white leaves BRANs eyes as the vision fades. The THREE-EYED RAVEN is tangled in his roots. A child of the forest looks on. BRAN crawls towards the THREE-EYED RAVEN.

BRAN: Why did you do that? Take me back there. I want to go back.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: No.

BRAN: He heard me.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: Maybe. Maybe he heard the wind.

BRAN: He heard me.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: The past is already written. The ink is dry.

BRAN: Whats in that tower? I want to go back there.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: Ive told you many times, stay too long where you dont belong and you will never return.

BRAN: Why do I want to return? So I can be a cripple again? So I can talk to an old man in a tree?

THREE-EYED RAVEN: You think I wanted to sit here for 1,000 years watching the world from a distance as the roots grew through me?

BRAN: So why did you?

THREE-EYED RAVEN: I was waiting for you.

BRAN: I dont want to be you.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: I dont blame you. You wont be here forever. You wont be an old man in a tree. But before you leave, you must learn.

BRAN: Learn what?

THREE-EYED RAVEN: Everything.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. VAES DOTHRAK - DAY
DAENERYS is entering Vaes Dothrak with the horde. A mounted Bloodrider ushers her onward with a nudge of his foot.

BLOODRIDER (speaking Dothraki): Hey, Great Khaleesi.Move your ass.

DAENERYS approaches a domed structure. KHAL MORO and two of his Bloodriders are waiting for atop their horses.

KHAL MORO: Welcome home, Khaleesi.

Another Bloodrider ushers DAENERYS into the building. Inside, DAENERYS stands in front of a platform atop which a middle-aged Dothraki woman is standing. A group of younger Dothraki women encircle DAENERYS. They speak in Dothraki.

DOTHRAKI WOMAN: Go.

The Bloodriders who ushered DAENERYS in exit. The older Dothraki woman nods to the younger women, who swarm DAENERYS and remove all of her clothing.

DAENERYS: What are you doing?! Take your hands off me! I will have your heads!

One of the younger woman approaches DAENERYS with a simple brown garment, which DAENERYS takes and wears.

DAENERYS: You have made a mistake. One you will regret. I am the wife of the Great Khal.

DOTHRAKI MATRON: We know who you are. I remember you eating the stallions heart. Why didnt you come to us after Khal Drogo died?

DAENERYS: Because I am Daenerys Stormborn, the Breaker of Chains, the Queen of Meereen and the Mother of Dragons. My place is not here with you.

DOTHRAKI MATRON: You were the wife of the Great Khal.You thought he would conquer the world with you at his side. He didnt. I was the wife of the Great Khal. Khal Savo. I thought he would conquer the world with me at his side.Youre young. We were all young once. But we all understand the way things are. You will learn as well, if you are fortunate enough to stay with us.

DAENERYS: Where else would I go? Every khaleesi becomes Dosh Khaleen.

DOTHRAKI MATRON: Yes. Immediately after the death of their khal. But you went out into the world. That is forbidden.All the khalasars have returned for the Khalar Vezhven. They will decide which cities will be sacked and which tribes will be enslaved. And now they must decide what to do with Khal Drogos silver-haired widow. With luck, your place will be here with us, Mother of Dragons. It is the best you can hope for, now.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN GREAT PYRAMID THRONE ROOM
VARYS is sitting on the steps of the throne, fanning himself. Several Unsullied stand around the perimeters of the room.

VARYS (to an Unsullied): I dont know how you stand it in all that leather.

Two Unsullied usher a woman into the room.

VARYS: If we could have the room.

All the Unsullied guards exit.

VARYS: You look lovely today, my dear. You really do. How you climbed all those steps without breaking a sweat.

WOMAN: If youre going to torture me, just call them back and get on with it.

VARYS: I am not a torturer.

VARYS stands.

VARYS: Though it so often is what people deserve.

VARYS approaches the woman.


VARYS: And it does provide answers. But theyre usually the wrong answers. My job is to find the right answers. Do you know how I do that? I do it by making people happy. Id like to make you happy, Vala. Thats your name, isnt it, Vala?

VALA looks away. VARYS chuckles.

VARYS: Thats all right. I know who you are and what youve done. Youve done a lot. Youve sacrificed your body for a cause, which is more than most people do. And youve helped the Sons of the Harpy murder the Unsullied and the Second Sons.

VALA: The Unsullied and the Second Songs are foreign soldiers brought here by a foreign queen to destroy our city and our history.

VARYS: I understand. Well, that makes perfect sense from your perspective. I have a different perspective, of course. I think its important that you try to see things from my perspective just as I will try to see them from yours. Because that is the only way that I can make you and Dom happy. That is how you pronounce it -- Dom? Im afraid I dont really speak the language. Such a handsome boy. Those big, brown eyes. Good luck keeping the ladies away.

VALA: Yes, youre a true liberator, arent you? You wont torture me, youll just threaten my son.

VARYS: Children are blameless. I have never hurt them. Your boy is in no immediate danger, this I swear to you. But between us, dear, you did conspire to kill the queens soldiers. We both know the penalty for that crime. How will poor Dom get on without his mother? And with his breathing problem.

VALA: If I tell you anything, theyll kill me. So either you kill me or they do.

VARYS: Yes, from your perspective, this is a problem. There is a third option, though. A ship leaving tomorrow for Pentos. Ive already booked passage for a woman and her young son. Ill even throw in a bag of silver to help you start again.

VARYS kicks a large brown bag at his feet.

VARYS: Though Im afraid well have to ask one of our leather-clad friends back in to carry it. Far too heavy for me. The boat sails at dawn. You need to decide now. A new life for you and Dom or
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN GREAT PYRAMID - COUNCIL CHAMBER

TYRION, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are sitting together around a table. TYRION smiles at MISSANDEI, and MISSANDEI smiles back. TYRION smiles at GREY WORM, and GREY WORM remains expressionless.

TYRION: What should we do while we wait? To pass the time, what should we do? What should we talk about?

MISSANDEI and GREY WORM look at each other, then at TYRION.

TYRION (to MISSANDEI): You speak 19 languages. You must occasionally use some of them to talk about things.

MISSANDEI says nothing.

TYRION: You two, you spend a great deal of time together. What would you be talking about if I werent here?

GREY WORM: Patrol. When I am going on patrol with the Unsullied. What we see on patrol. Who we captured on patrol.

TYRION: Thats good. Thats very good.

TYRION stands and carries his wine glass over to the decanter to refill it.

TYRION: But thats a report. I was thinking more of a conversation. A wise man once said the truth history of the world is the history of great conversation in elegant rooms.

MISSANDEI: Who said this?

TYRION: Me. Just now. All right, no conversations. Lets play a game.

TYRION returns to the table. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI say nothing.

TYRION: You dont play games, either one of you, ever?

GREY WORM: Games are for children.

MISSANDEI: My master Kraznys would sometimes make us play games.

TYRION: There, thats a start.

MISSANDEI: Only the girls.

TYRION: Oh no, no, no. Not that, of course not that. Innocent games, fun games, drinking games.

MISSANDEI: We do not drink.

TYRION: Until you do.

GREY WORM and MISSANDEI look interrogatively at TYRION.

TYRION: Alright. No drinking. We can play without drinking. Its a wonderful game. I invented it. Heres how it works. I make a statement about your past. If Im wrong, I drink. And if Im right -- Maybe we cant play without drinking.

VARYS enters the room.

TYRION: Oh, you took your time.

VARYS: Sorry. I was busy learning who funds the Sons of the Harpy. Some things you cant rush.

MISSANDEI: You found out?

VARYS: The good masters of Astapor. And the wise masters of Yunkai. With help from their friends in Volantis.

TYRION: You see? You dont even have to worry about the local rebellion. We only have to worry about the three rich foreign cities paying for it.

GREY WORM: We conquered Asatapor and Yunkai once. We will do it again and execute the Masters.

TYRION: If the Unsullied march off to reconquer Asatapor and Yunkai, who remain to defend the free people of Meereen?

GREY WORM: If we do not fight them, how can we stop them?

MISSANDEI: We cannot. The Masters only speak one language. They spoke it to me for many years. I know it better than my mother tongue. If we want them to hear us, we must speak it back to them. May it be the last thing they ever hear.

TYRION nods.

TYRION: You may be right.

GREY WORM: So we will fight them?

TYRION: Possibly.

MISSANDEI: Possibly?

TYRION: Its a conversation.

TYRION turns to VARYS.

TYRION: Tell me, can the little birds get a message to the good Masters of Astapor, the wise Masters of Yunkai, the benevolent enslavers of Volantis?

VARYS: Of course. Man can be fickle, but birds always trust.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. RED KEEP - VAULTS

A group of Varys' child spies are gathered together. One LITTLE BIRD picks up a model of a planet. Another child plays with an hourglass.

QYBURN: Your eye looks much better, Arthur. Hows your mothers jaw?

ARTHUR: Better.

QYBURN: And your father?

ARTHUR: No ones seen him.

QYBURN: And no one will. That worked out rather nicely.

LITTLE BIRD: Will Lord Varys ever come back?

QYBURN: I dont think so. Do you miss him?

LITTLE BIRD: He was nice.

ARTHUR: He called us his little birds. He gave us sweets.

QYBURN stands up and walks to a table.

QYBURN: Its funny you should mention that. Guess what I happened to find today. Candied plums from Dorne.

He nods at the boxes. Eeach child picks one. They nibble at the plums.

QYBURN: Now remember, if any of your friends like sweets or need help, they can always come to me. All I need in return are whispers.

The door opens. GREGOR walks in, followed by JAIME and CERSEI.

QYBURN: No need to be afraid. This is Ser Gregor. Hes friends with all my friends.

GREGOR looks at the children. They stare at him, motionless.

QYBURN: Run along now.

The children run up the stairs.

CERSEI: Varys's little birds?

QYBURN: Your little birds now, your Grace.

JAIME is admiring GREGOR.

JAIME: What did you do to him exactly? I haven't been able to get a clear answer.

QYBURN: Oh, a number of things.

JAIME: Does he understand what were saying? I mean, to the extent that he ever understood complete sentences in the first place.

GREGOR turns his head to JAIME. JAIME recoils.

QYBURNS: He understands well enough.

JAIME: So tell him to march into the sept and crush the High Sparrows head like a melon.

CERSEI: The High Sparrow has hundreds of Faith Militant surrounding him. Ser Gregor will cant face them all. And he wont have to. Hell only have to face one.

JAIME: Has the Faith leveled official charges yet?

CERSEI: Not yet.

JAIME: That is one trial by combat I look forward to watching.

CERSEI (to QYBURN): Dont stop at the city. I want little birds in Dorne, in Highgarden, in the North. If someone is planning on making our losses their gains I want to hear it. If someone is laughing at the queen who walk naked through the streets covered in shit, I want to hear. I want to know who they are. I want to where they are.

QYBURN bows his head to CERSEI.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER

KEVAN LANNISTER chairs a meeting of the Small Council. MAESTER PYCELLE, MACE TYRELL and LADY OLENNA have all gathered around him.

MAESTER PYCELLE: As bad as Lord Varys was Varys was, Qyburn is worse. I told them all. I told them. Hes arrogant, dangerous. You dont get thrown out of the Citadel without good reason. And no one listened to my advice, so here we are.

JAIME, CERSEI and SER GREGOR enter the room.

MAESTER PYCELLE: And what he's done to Gregor Clegane is an abomination. We never sanctioned this, this experiment. And I for one think it would be in our best interest to have the beast dest --

MAESTER PYCELLE notices the new guests. He farts.

KEVAN: Can I help you?

CERSEI (to LADY OLENNA): Why are you here?

MACE TYRELL: My mother...

LADY OLENNA: I was invited, my dear, o help deal with several troublesome issues, such as the queens imprisonment.

CERSEI: Thank you for bringing it up. Its well past time we addressed the abuses I endured.

LADY OLENNA: Margaery is the queen. You are not the queen because youre not married to the king. I do appreciate these things can get a bit confusing in your family.

KEVAN (to CERSEI & company): This is a Small Council meeting. You have no position on the Small Council.

JAIME: Im Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard does have a position on the Small Council.

CERSEI: Grand Maester Pycelle, would you sanction that statement?

MAESTER PYCELLE: Well, um...I would say Ser Gerold Hightower had a seat on the Mad Kings council. Of course, that was the Mad King. King Robert saw things differently.

JAIME pushes two chairs to the table. JAIME and CERSEI sit down. MAESTER PYCELLE keeps his mouth. The members of the Council look at JAIME and CERSEI.

CERSEI (to KEVAN): What about Myrcellas death, Uncle? Do you consider the murder of your own blood a troublesome issue?

JAIME: The same women who murdered Myrcella have overthrown House Martell and taken control of Dorne. We've got a lot to discuss. All of us together.

CERSEI: And seeing as you cannot make us leave, we best get on with it.

KEVAN: No, we cannot make you leave. And you cannot make us stay. Not unless you're gonna have that thing murder us all.

One by one, KEVAN LANNISTER, LADY OLENNA and MACE TYRELL leave the room. MAESTER PYCELLE picks up his paperwork and shuffles slowly. He then runs out of the door when SER GREGOR looks at him threateningly. JAIME, CERSEI and SER GREGOR are left alone in the room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - PRAYER ROOM

The HIGH SPARROW is praying. TOMMEN enters the room with his guards. The HIGH SPARROW stands up.

HIGH SPARROW: Oh, your Grace.

TOMMEN: My mother would like to see her daughters final resting place.

HIGH SPARROW: Oh, I'm, sorry, your Grace. Thats not possible. Not yet.

TOMMEN: When will it be possible?

HIGH SPARROW: When she's fully atoned for her sins.

TOMMEN: Youve cut off her hair and marched her naked through the streets in front of the whole city. That wasnt a full atonement?

HIGH SPARROW: No. She must stand trial before seven septons, so we can learn the true extant of her sins.

TOMMEN: I want you to let her see Myrcellas resting place.

Several Faith Militant gather behind the HIGH SPARROW.

TOMMEN: I am the king.

HIGH SPARROW: You are.

TOMMEN: And what does that mean to you?

HIGH SPARROW: It means a great deal to me. The crown and the faith are the twin pillars of the world. Do you know who told me that? Your mother.

TOMMEN walks closer to the HIGH SPARROW. He guards tense.

TOMMEN: My mother who is unclean? My mother who still needs to atone after all youve put her through?

The HIGH SPARROW signs that his guards need to leave. They leave. TOMMEN puts his hand in the air and points to his guards. They leave. HIGH SPARROW closes the book lying on the table behind him.

HIGH SPARROW: How do you think the Mother Above first came to us? How did men and women first come to feel the Mothers presence? It was through their own mothers. There is a great deal of falsehood in Cersei, you know that. But when she speaks of you, the Mothers love outshines it all. Her love for you is more real than anything else in this world. Because it doesnt come from this world. But you know that. Youve felt it. Youve seen her when she talks to you.

TOMMEN: Yes.

HIGH SPARROW: Its a great gift. One I never had. Envy. One more thing for me to atone for.

HIGH SPARROW points to a bench in the room.

HIGH SPARROW: You Grace, may I? Do you mind? It's my knees.

TOMMEN: Of course.

HIGH SPARROW sighs and sits down.

HIGH SPARROW: When your mother made her walk of atonement, she did it to get back to you.

TOMMEN: I still dont understand why you want to put her through any more than she's already endured.

HIGH SPARROW: Its not what I want. Its what the gods want. They make their will known to us and its up to us to either accept or reject it.

The HIGH SPARROW palms the seat next to him.

HIGH SPARROW: Please.

TOMMEN sits down next to him.

HIGH SPARROW: If were to be just and good, then we accept it, all of us, even kings. A true leader avails himself of the wisest council he can. And no one is wiser than the gods.

TOMMEN: My grandfather once said something similar. Except for the part about the gods.

HIGH SPARROW: The gods worked through him whether he knew it or not. As they work through your mother. Theres so much good in all of us. The best we can do is to help each other bring it out.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

The WAIF and ARYA are standing on a raised platform. The WAIF scrapes her staff on the floor around ARYA, then pushes the end of it against ARYA's head. ARYA turns around. The WAIF nudges her and she flinches. Cut to the WAIF and ARYA sitting on the ground across from each other.

WAIF: Who are you?

ARYA: No one.

The WAIF hits ARYA with a stick. ARYA falls on the ground but gets up.

WAIF: Who were you before you came here?

ARYA: Arya Stark.

Cut to ARYA and the WAIF on the combat platform. ARYA tries to fight but the WAIF beats her. ARYA falls to the ground. Her mouth's bleeding. Cut back to the WAIF and ARYA sitting across from each other.

WAIF: Tell me about Arya Starks family.

ARYA: Her father was Eddard Stark. Her mother was Catelyn Stark. She had one sister, Sansa, and four brothers.

The WAIF corrects her with a whip of the stick. Cut to the fighting platform. The WAIF kicks ARYA's staff back into her grasp. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.

ARYA: Three brothers.

Cut back to the fighting platform. As ARYA speaks each of her brothers' names, the WAIF strikes her.

ARYA (V.O.): Rob, Bran, Rickon. And a half-brother, Jon.

WAIF: And where are they now?

Cut to ARYA standing in front of a small table. Several bowls are filled with powder. A glass bottle stands behind each bowel.

ARYA (V.O.): They may be dead for all a girl knows.

ARYA sniffs one of the bowls of powder, then recoils. She sniffs another bowl and wafts the scent with her hand. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.

WAIF: Tell me about The Hound.

Cut back to the fighting platform.

ARYA (V.O.): Also dead.

ARYA deflects several of the WAIF's blows, but is pushed to the edge of the platform and falls when the WAIF smacks her across the face with her staff.

ARYA: Arya Stark left him to die. He was on her list.

Cut to the pair sitting across from each other. The WAIF smacks ARYA with the stick.

ARYA: He was not on her list anymore. Shed taken him off it.

WAIF: Why? Didnt she want him dead any longer?

Cut back to the power table.

ARYA: She did and she did not.

ARYA lifts a spoon of the powder to the jar behind it. The Faceless Man, taking on the form of JAQEN H'GHAR, looks on. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.

WAIF: She sounds confused.

ARYA: Yes, she was.

Cut back to the powder table. ARYA dumps the spoonful of powder in the bottle. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.

WAIF: Who else was on Arya Starks funny little list?

Cut back to the fighting platform. The WAIF beats down ARYA repeatedly until ARYA can no longer get up.

ARYA (V.O.): Cersei Lannister, Gregor Clegane, Walder Frey.

The WAIF walks away from ARYA, but stops when ARYA begins to stand up. The WAIF turns back to face ARYA.

WAIF: Thats a short list. That cant be everyone you want to kill.

ARYA stands up and holds her staff out at the WAIF. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.

WAIF: Are you sure youre not forgetting someone?

ARYA: Which name would you like a girl to speak?

Cut back to the fighting platform. ARYA and the WAIF exchange blows, but ARYA knocks back the WAIF. JAQN H'GHAR looks on.The WAIF returns with a heavy blow, but ARYA blocks it. The WAIF walks away. ARYA turns to face JAQEN H'GHAR.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE - MAIN CHAMBER

ARYA is sitting in front of a fireplace. JAQEN is standing in front of the well in the center of the room.

JAQEN: If a girl tells me her name, I will give her eyes back.

ARYA: A girl has no name.

JAQEN: Come.

ARYA walks to the well. JAQEN gives ARYA a bowl of water. ARYA hesitates to drink it.

JAQEN: If a girl is truly no one, she has nothing to fear.

ARYA drinks the water. She closes her eyes. She slowly opens them to reveal the blindness has left them. She looks to JAQEN.

JAQEN: Who are you?

ARYA: No one.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. NORTHERN WILDERNESS

A horse and carriage are toting a few members of House Umber towards Winterfell.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL - DINING HALL

RAMSAY and LORD KARSTARK are seated at the dining table. A lady serves them drinks. SMALLJON is standing in front of them.

RAMSAY: The Umbers are a famously loyal house.

LORD KARSTARK: Famously loyal to the Starks.

SMALLJON: And you, Lord Karstark? Your people share blood with the Starks, dont they? But here we are. Times change.

RAMSAY: When my father became Warden of the North, your house refused to pledge their banners.

SMALLJON: Your father was a cunt.

RAMSAY: My beloved father, the Warden --

SMALLJON: Your father was a cunt and thats why you killed him. I mightve done the same to my father, if he hadnt have done me the favor of dying on his own.

RAMSAY: My father was poisoned by our enemies.

SMALLJON: Mmm.

RAMSAY: Why have you come to Winterfell, Lord Umber?

SMALLJON: The bastard Jon Snow led an army of wildlings past the Wall. Were farther north than any of you fuckers. Wildlings come down, we always have to fight them first. I like fighting wildlings, been doing it all my life. But there are too many of them for us to beat back alone.

RAMSAY: So now youve come seeking help?

SMALLJON: We need to help each other. The colder it gets, the farther South those goat fuckers will roam. Won't take them long to get here.

LORD KARSTARK: You think a horde of wildlings can take Winterfell?

SMALLJON: If they get Jon Snow leading them, maybe. He knows this place better than we ever will.

RAMSAY: Pledge your banners to House Bolton. Swear loyalty to me as Warden of the North and we will fight together to destroy the bastard and all his wildling friends.

SMALLJON: Im not kissing your fucking hand.

RAMSAY: Traditionally a bannerman kneels before his lord.

SMALLJON: Im not doing that either.

RAMSAY: Why would I trust a man who wont honor tradition?

SMALLJON: Your father honored tradition. Knelt for Robb Stark. Called him King of the North. Was Robb Stark right to trust your father?

RAMSAY: Then it appears we're at a bit of an impasse.

SMALLJON: Fuck kneeling and fuck oaths. I've got a gift for you.

RAMSAY: A girl, I hope. I prefer redheads.

Two hooded people are dragged into the hall.

SMALLJON: A girl, aye. A wild one.

SMALLJON pulls the hood off one of the people, revealing OSHA. RAMSAY stands up.

RAMSAY: I like them wild.

SMALLJON: And the boy, nice and young. The way Karstark likes them.

LORD KARSTARK stands up. SMALLJON pulls the hood off the other person, revealing RICKON STARK.

RAMSAY: Whos this?

SMALLJON: Rickon Stark.

RAMSAY: How do I know thats Rickon Stark?

SMALLJOY retrieves the severed head of Rickon's direwolf SHAGGYDOG and places it on the table. RAMSAY examines the head, looks at SMALLJON, and then smiles at RICKON.

RAMSAY: Welcome home, Lord Stark.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK C JON SNOWS CHAMBER

JON SNOW is sitting by the fireplace. He is looking to the ground. Someone knocks on the door. DOLOROUS EDD walks in.

DOLOROUS EDD: Its time.

JON SNOW gets up, drops his vest with the stab holes in it on the table, and grabs his sword Longclaw.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK C COURTYARD

MELISANDRE is standing on a balcony overlooking the courtyard. TORMUND, DAVOS, the wildlings, and the Night's Watch are all in attendance. JON SNOW walks past them, going up the stairs towards the gallows. DOLOROUS EDD accompanies him. BOWEN MARSH, OTHELL YARWICK, ALLISER THORNE, and OLLY are standing on a platform with their hands tied and ropes around their necks. JON SNOW looks up at them.

JON SNOW: If you have any last words, now is the time.

BOWEN MARSH: You shouldnt be alive. Its not right.

JON SNOW: Neither was killing me.

OTHELL YARWICK: My mother's still living at White Harbor. Could you write her? Tell her I died fighting the wildings.

ALLISER THRONE: I had a choice, Lord Commander. Betray you or betray the Nights Watch. You brought an army of wildlings into our lands. An army of muderers and raiders. If I had to do it all over knowing where Id end up, I pray Id make the right choice again.

JON SNOW: Im sure you would, Ser Alliser.

ALLISER THRONE: I fought, I lost. Now I rest. But you, Lord Snow, youll be fighting their battles forever.

JON SNOW looks at OLLY. OLLY stares back at him, unwavering. JON SNOW turns his back and unsheathes Longclaw. He breathes heavily. JON SNOW cuts the rope. The platform is pulled out from under the traitors feet. They are hung. They choke and die. JON SNOW looks at OLLY again. OLLY's face is blue and swollen. JON SNOW sheathes his sword, then walks up to DOLOROUS EDD.

DOLOROUS EDD: We should burn the bodies.

JON SNOW: You should.

JON SNOW takes off his cape and hands it to DOLOROUS EDD.

DOLOROUS EDD: What do you want me to do with this?

JON SNOW: Wear it. Burn it. Whatever you want. You have Castle Black.

JON SNOW walks down the stairs.

JON SNOW: My watch is ended.

Everyone in attendance watches JON SNOW walk away.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. CASTLE BLACK - JON SNOWS ROOM

Longclaw is lying on a table. DOLOROUS EDD lifts and admires it, then turns to JON SNOW who is putting some items in a bag.

DOLOROUS EDD: Where you gonna go?

JON SNOW: South.

DOLOROUS EDD: What are you gonna do?

JON SNOW: Get warm.

JON SNOW smiles. DOLOROUS EDD places Longclaw on the table.

DOLOROUS EDD: I was with you at Hardhome. We saw whats out there. We know its coming here. How can you leave us now?

JON SNOW: I did everything I could. You know that.

DOLOROUS EDD: You swore a vow.

JON SNOW: Aye, I pledged my life to the Nights Watch. I gave my life.

DOLOROUS EDD: For all nights to come.

JON SNOW: They killed me, Edd! My own brothers. You want me to stay here after that?

A single horn sounds outside. JON SNOW and DOLOROUS EDD look to the doorway.

MAN (O.S.): Riders approaching!

MAN #2 (O.S.): Open the gate!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - COURTYARD

The southern gates open. SANSA, BRIENNE, and PODRICK enter the courtyard on horseback. The Nights Watch and the Wildlings all watfch them. TORMUND stares intently at BRIENNE. The trio dismount from their horses. JON SNOW and DOLOROUS EDD emerge onto a balcony overlooking the courtyard. SANSA slowly spins around until she and JON SNOW lock eyes. JON SNOW descends from the balcony and walks to SANSA. They stare at each other and then embrace.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - JON SNOWS ROOM

JON SNOW and SANSA are sitting by the fire. SANSA lifts a bowl to her lips and drinks from it.

SANSA: This is good soup. Do you remember those kidney pies Old Nan used to make?

JON SNOW: With the peas and onions?

SANSA: Mmm.

JON SNOW: We never should have left Winterfell.

SANSA: Dont you wish we could go back to the day we left? I want to scream at myself, Dont go, you idiot.

JON SNOW: How could we know?

SANSA: I spent a lot of time thinking about what as ass I was to you. I wish I could change everything.

JON SNOW: We were children.

SANSA: I was awful, just admit it.

JON SNOW chuckles.

JON SNOW: You were occasionally awful. Im sure I cant have been great fun. Always sulking in the corner while the rest of you played.

SANSA: Can you forgive me?

JON SNOW: Theres nothing to forgive.

SANSA: Forgive me.

JON SNOW: All right. All right, I forgive you.

SANSA laughs, then holds out her hand for JON SNOWs horn of ale. JON SNOW gives it to her. She sips, then coughs. JON SNOW laughs.

JON SNOW: Youd think after thousands of years, the Nights Watch would have learned how to make a good ale.

SANSA: Where will you go?

JON SNOW: Where will we go? If I dont watch over you, Fathers ghost will come back and murder me.

SANSA: Where will we go?

JON SNOW: I cant stay here, not after what happened.

SANSA: Theres only one place we can go. Home.

JON SNOW: Should we tell the Boltons to pack up and leave?

SANSA: Well take it back from them.

JON SNOW: I dont have an army.

SANSA: How many wildlings did you save?

JON SNOW: They didnt come here to serve me.

SANSA: They owe you their lives.

SANSA stands and walks to a table. She places her bowl down on it.

SANSA: You think theyll be safe here if Roose Bolton remains Warden of the North?

JON SNOW: Sansa.

SANSA: Winterfell is our home. Its ours and Aryas and Brans and Rickons. Wherever they are, it belongs to our family. We have to fight for it.

JON SNOW: Im tired of fighting.

JON SNOW stands and turns to face SANSA.

JON SNOW: Its all Ive done since I left home. Ive killed brothers of the Nights Watch. Ive killed wildlings. Ive killed men that I admire. I hanged a boy younger than Bran. I fought and I lost.

SANSA: If we dont take back the North, well never be safe. I want you to help me. But Ill do it myself if I have to.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - BALCONY

MELISANDRE is looking out over the edge of the balcony. DAVOS approaches her.

DAVOS: My lady.

MELISANDRE: Ser Davos.

DAVOS: Will you stay here at Castle Black?

MELISANDRE: I will do as Jon Snow commands.

DAVOS: You serve Jon Snow now?

MELISANDRE: Hes the prince that was promised.

DAVOS: Forgive me, my lady, I thought that was Stannis.

MELISANDRE walks away from DAVOS and down into the courtyard. DAVOS follows her.

DAVOS: What happened down there?

MELISANDRE: There was a battle. Stannis was defeated.

MELISANDRE continues to walk away, but DAVOS grabs her arm to stop her.

DAVOS: And Shireen? What happened to the princess?

BRIENNE approaches.

BRIENNE: I saw what happened. I saw Stannis forces defeated in the field.

DAVOS: My lady, Im Ser Davos Seaworth.

BRIENNE: Weve met before. I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon. Before Renly was assassinated with bloodmagic.

BRIENNE stares at MELISANDRE.

DAVOS: Thats in the past now.

BRIENNE: Yes, its in the past. It doesnt mean I forget. Or forgive. He admitted it, you know.

DAVOS: Who did?

BRIENNE: Stannis. Just before I executed him.

BRIENNE walks away. MELISANDRE walks in the opposite direction. DAVOS stares at BRIENNE.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. EYRIE TRAINING GROUNDS - DAY
ROBIN is aiming at a target with a bow and arrow. He shoots, but the arrow falls short. YOHN ROYCE sighs to himself. ROBIN looks to YOHN ROYCE for approval. YOHN ROYCE smiles. A carriage approaches, accompanied by several knights. The knight driving the carriages dismouts and extends the carriage steps. LITTLEFINGER emerges from the carriage.

LITTLEFINGER (to ROBIN): The Defender of the Vale!

ROBIN: Uncle Petyr!

ROBIN drops the bow and arrow and runs to LITTLEFINGER. They embrace.

LITTLEFINGER: My lord. Come and see.

LITTLEFINGER ushers ROBIN to the rear of the carriage.

LITTLEFINGER: I missed your name day. Go on.

ROBIN and LITTLEFINGER pull a sheet from the back of the carriage, revealing a cage with a falcon inside. The falcon squawks. ROBIN gasps.

ROBIN: A falcon!

LITTLEFINGER: A gyrfalcon. The greatest and rarest of birds.

YOHN ROYCE: Last time I saw you, Baelish, you told me you were taking Sansa Stark home with you to the Fingers.

LITTLEFINGER: Indeed I was.

YOHN ROYCE: And yet not long ago, we received reports that she has been married to Ramsay Bolton in Winterfell.

LITTLEFINGER: On our way to the Fingers, we were set upon by a large force of Bolton men. Seemed to know exactly when we were traveling and exactly whom we were transporting.

YOHN ROYCE: Do you take me for a fool?

LITTLEFINGER: Tell me, Lord Royce, how many people knew of my travel plans with Sansa Stark? I shared my intentions with you and no one else.

The ensuing conversation momentarily distracts ROBIN from admiring the falcon. YOHN ROYCE approaches LITTLEFINGER slowly.

YOHN ROYCE: Slander a man in his own home, you might find yourself crossing swords with him.

LITTLEFINGER: Your home is the Vale. The Lord of the Vale stands before us. And only his judgment concerns me.

YOHN ROYCE looks to ROBIN.

ROBIN: Shall we throw him through the Moon Door?

The surrounding knights begin to approach YOHN ROYCE. YOHN ROYCE walks closer to ROBIN.

YOHN ROYCE: My lord. My lord, I have always been faithful to House Arryn. To your father, to your mother, and now to you.

ROBIN: Do you believe him, Uncle Petyr?

YOHN ROYCE turns back to look at LITTLEFINGER.

LITTLEFINGER: Lord Royce has served the Vale well. He;s enjoyed a distinguished military career. If we could trust his absolute loyalty, he would make a capable commander in the wars to come.

YOHN ROYCE turns back to ROBIN.

YOHN ROYCE: You can trust my absolute loyalty, my lord.

LITTLEFINGER: I think he deserves one more chance. What do you say?

ROBIN: Fine.

YOHN ROYCE bows and walks a few feet away from the engagement.

LITTLEFINGER (to ROBIN): I bring good news. My friends in the North tell me Sansa has escaped Winterfell. I expect shes headed to Castle Black where her brother serves as Lord Commander. But she wont be safe there, not with the Boltons after her.

ROBIN: Shes my cousin. We should help her.

LITTLEFINGER: That was my instinct as well.

LITTLEFINGER turns and walks towards YOHN ROYCE.

LITTLEFINGER: Our lord has spoken. Gather the Knights of the Vale. The time has come to join the fray.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MEEREEN GREAT PYRAMID SEASIDE - DAY
A ship is entering the harbor. TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are standing on the shore watching its approach.

GREY WORM: You invite the enemy into our city?

TYRION: I did. As a clever man once told me, We make peace with our enemies, not our friends.

TYRION begins walking away. The others follow.

GREY WORM: I dont make peace with the queens enemies. I kill the queens enemies.

TYRION: Yes, thats the military approach. And how has that worked here in Meereen? I represent the diplomatic approach.

TYRION and VARYS begin ascending the stairs to the Great Pyramid.

MISSANDEI: Our queen tried to make peace with the Masters and they tried to murder her.

TYRION and VARYS turn back to face MISSANDEI and GREY WORM.

TYRION We enter these negotiations with open eyes. Trust me. My own recent experience with slavery has taught me the horrors of that institution.

MISSANDEI: How many days were you a slave?

TYRION stammers.

TYRION: Long enough to know.

MISSANDEI: Not long enough to understand.

TYRION and VARYS proceed up the steps. MISSANDEI and GREY WORM follow.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - COUNCIL CHAMBER

TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are sitting in attendance to three masters, YEZZAN ZO QAGGAZ, RAZDAL MO ERAZ, and BELICHO PAENYMION.

YEZZAN: I bought this dwarf for a single gold honor. And somehow youve risen to the top of the Great Pyramid of Meereen. Its most impressive.

TYRION: And now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor.Heres to reversals of fortune.

RAZDAL: We came here to meet the queen and instead were greeted by a dwarf and a eunuch.

TYRION: Lets make this simple, shall we? Tell me what you want.

BELICHO: We want you to leave Slavers Bay. Take your dragons and your mercenaries and go.

TYRION: Queen Daenerys wont stay in Meereen forever. Her path takes her westward.

RAZDAL: When we last met, I offered her ships so she could return to Westeros where she belongs. She refused them.

MISSANDEI: She refused them because hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children still lived in chains.

RAZDAL: As they have since the dawn of time.

GREY WORM: Not anymore.

YEZZAN: You think youre a free man now? You still follow orders. Just because your master has silver hair and tits doesnt mean shes not a master.

TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please.

GREY WORM stares intently at YEZZAN.

TYRION: There have always been those with wealth and power and those with nothing. That is the way of the world. Im not here to change the way of the world.

YEZZAN: Slavery is the way of our world.

TYRION: You dont need slaves to make money. There havent been slaves in Westeros for hundreds of years and I grew up richer than any of you. But our queen recognizes that she erred by abolishing slavery without providing a new system to replace it. So here is the queens proposal. Slavery will never return to Meereen but she will give the other cities of Slavers Bay time to adjust to the new order.

YEZZAN: What does that mean?

TYRION: Instead of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to end the practice.

The masters look at each others.

TYRION: Slaveholders will be compensated for their losses, of course, at fair prices. In exchange, you will cut off your support for the Sons of the Harpy.

YEZZAN: We do not support the Sons of the Harpy.

TYRION: Fine, fine, but you will cut it off all the same. I do hope you accept, my friends. You will not receive a better offer.

TYRION picks up a bell from the table beside him and rings it.

TYRION: Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it. And as a parting gift to our honored guests

Three women enter. Each one sits in the lap of one of the masters.

TYRION: Give freedom a chance. See if it doesnt taste every bit as good as what came before.

TYRION exits. VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM follow.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID AUDIENCE CHAMBER

A group of commoner representatives are gathered together at the foot of the throne, whispering in Valyrian. TYRION, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM enter on the throne platform.

TYRION (speaking Valyrian): My friends! Large sorry...you wait so fat time.

MISSANDEI (to TYRION): Perhaps I should translate for you.

MAN #1: We speak the Common Tongue.

TYRION: Excellent.

MAN #2: You met with the slavers today.

TYRION: I did.

MAN #1: Our brothers and sister died fighting these scum. Now you invite them to our city and drink wine with them.

TYRION: I imagine this room was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled.

TYRION begins to descend the steps towards the men. MISSANDEI and GREY WORM follow.

TYRION: But I am not your ruler. Im not the Breaker of Chains. Im not the Unburnt. And I am certainly not the Mother of Dragons.

TYRION and company reach the bottom of the steps so they are face to face with the men.

MAN #1: You are a stranger here. So why do you represent Meereen in these talks with our enemies?

TYRION: Because our queen chose me as her advisor. Until she returns from her travels --

MAN #2: When does she return?

TYRION: Soon. You have my word.

MAN #1: We dont know you. We dont trust you. We know Torgo Nudho. We fight with him against the Masters. We trust him.

TYRION: And that is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations. As commander of the Unsullied, he knows hot to defeat the slavers and he knows when it is time to make peace.

MAN #2: You have made peace with the slavers?

TYRION: We offered terms.

MAN #1 (speaking Valyrian): And you, Grey Worm? You want to drink wine with these men? The men who tore us from our mothers arms and sold us at auction like cattle?

GREY WORM (speaking Valyrian): I am a soldier, not a politician. But if there is a chance for peace -- a just peace -- we should take it.

MAN #2 (speaking Valyrian): Missandei, you know what these men are. How can you trust them?

MISSANDEI (speaking Valyrian): I do not trust them. I will never trust them.

MISSANDEI pauses and looks at TYRION.

MISSANDEI (speaking Valyrian): But as a wise man once said, We make peace with our enemies, not our friends.

TYRION smiles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID SEASIDE

TYRION, GREY WORM, and MISSANDEI are walking together.

GREY WORM: Do not use me for your lies.

TYRION: Those men respect you.

GREY WORM: They respect me because they know who I am. They know I am loyal.

TYRION: As do I.

GREY WORM: I am loyal to my queen, not you. If you betray her work, you are my enemy.

TYRION: I am not betraying her work. I am trying to save her city.

MISSANDEI: You promised the slavers they could keep slavery.

TYRION: For a short time.

MISSANDEI: Seven years is not a short time for a slave.

TYRION: Youre right. Slavery is a horror that should be ended at once. War is a horror that should be ended at once. I cant do both today.

GREY WORM: You are wrong to trust these men.

TYRION: I dont trust the Masters. I trust their self-interest. Theyre trustworthy if theyre convinced that working with me is in their self-interest.

GREY WORM: You dont know them. You dont understand them. We are not human in their eyes. They look at me and see a weapon. They look at her and see a whore.

TYRION: They look at me and they see a misshapen little beast. Their contempt is their weakness. Theyll underestimate us every time and we will use that to our advantage.

GREY WORM: You will not use them. They will use you. That is what they do.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. ESSOS MOUNTAIN RANGE - DAY

JORAH and DAARIO are walking to the top of a mountain crag. JORAH lags behind and stops to catch his breath. DAARIO turns back to him.

DAARIO: You all right? Why dont you sit and catch your breath?

JORAH: Im fine.

DAARIO chuckles.

DAARIO: I dont think you could ride the dragon. 20 years ago, maybe.

JORAH: What?

DAARIO: Our queen. Shes wild, you know. Dont let her size fool you. Its hard enough for me and Im a young man. You, I dont think your heart could take it.

JORAH stares at DAARIO for a few moments and then continues along the path.

DAARIO: Must make you angry that our queen chose me.

JORAH: Makes me sad. Youll disappoint her before long. Shell move on.

DAARIO: Well all disappoint her before long.

JORAH turns back to face DAARIO.

JORAH: We need each other right now. After were done needing each other --

DAARIO: Oh, I dont want to fight you, Jorah the Andal. What do I have to gain? If I win, Im the shit who killed an old man. If I lose, Im the shit who was killed by an old man.

JORAH: You didnt get much discipline as a child, did you?

DAARIO: None.

JORAH and DAARIO crawl to the edge of the ridge and look below. Vaes Dothrak sprawls across the valley floor.

JORAH: The road running through the Horse Gate, they call that the godsway.

JORAH points to the eastern division of Vaes Dothrak, and then to the western division.

JORAH: Eastern Market, Western Market. When Khal Drogo died, she was supposed to come here and join the Dosh Khaleen, the widows of the dead khals. Thats where they would have taken her, the Temple of the Dosh Khaleen.

JORAH stands and walks off to the side. He begins undoing his sword belt.

DAARIO: What are you doing?

JORAH: Its forbidden to carry weapons in the sacred city.

DAARIO: Isnt it forbidden to sneak into their city and steal their khaleesi?

JORAH: If they spot us and were unarmed, well say were traders heading for the Western Market. But if they see weapons

DAARIO: Youre asking a dog to hand over his teeth.

JORAH: Theres 100,000 of them down there. We cant fight our way out. We wait till dark, and then well find her.

DAARIO hands over his weapons, except for his dagger. JORAH holds his hand out for the dagger.

DARRIO: Uh

DAARIO flips the knife around in his hand.

DAARIO: Im very attached to this knife.

DAARIO kisses and strokes the knife, then motions to hand it to JORAH. He spots the patch of greyscale on JORAHs arm through a hole in his sleeve. JORAH pinches the fabric of his sleeve together to cover up the greyscale.

JORAH: Dont worry. it didnt touch you.

DAARIO: You know what happens?

JORAH: I know what happens.

DAARIO gestures with the dagger.

DAARIO: Ill do it myself.

JORAH walks to the side and stares into space.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VAES DOTHRAK - NIGHT

Dothraki men and women are celebrating in the streets. JORAH and DAARIO are sneaking through the stables. They crouch down in front of a railing and see a Dothraki man and woman fornicating.

DAARIO: I should have been born a Dothraki.

JORAH and DAARIO sneak into an alleyway. They move through the alley, but spot two Dothraki men coming their way. JORAH grabs DAARIO.

JORAH: Come on.

JORAN and DAARIO walk out to greet the Dothraki men. They proceed to speak in Dothraki.

JORAH: My friends...We wandered off from the Western Market and got lost. Could you show us the way back?

DOTHRAKI #1: What do you sell?

JORAH: Wine. Come down to my stall tomorrow, Ill give you a cask of the Arbors finest.

DOTHRAKI #1: Youre not merchants.

The Dothraki man inclines his head towards his fellow man.

DOTHRAKI #1: Get the others.

The second Dothraki man runs down the alleyway. DAARIO darts after him. JORAH swings at the first Dothraki man, but misses. The Dothraki man knees him in the face, knocking him to the ground. DAARIO continues to pursue the other Dothraki man. JORAH strikes his foe twice, but both are blocked. The Dothraki man strikes back with a punch to the face that sends JORAH sprawling. In the alley, just before the other Dothraki man reaches the common area, DAARIO grabs him from behind, places his hand over his mouth, and then snaps his neck. JORAH is rebuffed by his foe a third time. He attempts to throw sand in the Dothraki mans face, but he dodges out of the way. JORAH climbs to his knees, but the Dothraki man grabs him by the throat and begins choking him. DAARIO stabs the Dothraki man from behind, killing him.

DAARIO: Told you, Im very attached to this knife.

DAARIO tucks the dagger away in his shirt. JORAH climbs to his feet.

DAARIO: You all right?

JORAH: If they find a body with a stab wound, the whole city will be looking for us.

DAARIO grabs a large rock and smashes the dead Dothraki man with it several times.

DAARIO: Huh.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VAES DOTHRAK - TEMPLE OF THE DOSH KHALEEN

DAENERYS is sitting among the Dosh Khaleen. The women whisper among themselves, but the leader sits beside DAENERYS. They begin to speak in Dothraki.

LEADER: Some of them dont think Dothraki should breed with foreigners. They are stupid old women. They dont realize that we have always diluted our blood. This one is Lhazareen. Her Khal found her hiding in a well after he burned her village. How old were you?

LHAZAREEN WOMAN: Twelve.

LEADER: A year later, she bore her Khal a daughter. How did he show his happiness?

LHAZAREEN WOMAN: He broke my ribs.

LEADER: We are not queens here, but the khals depend on us for our wisdom. Our lives have meaning.

DAENERYS: That is more than most have.

LEADER: When the khals meet for the Khalar Vezhven tomorrow night, I hope they let you live out your days with us. The other possibilities are not so pleasant.

DAENERYS: I need to make water.

LEADER: You cant run from Dothraki. You know this.

DAENERYS: I will never run from Dothraki.

LEADER (to LHAZAREEN WOMAN): Go, show her.

The Lhazareen woman takes DAENERYS outside the temple. They walk together.

DAENERYS: I needed fresh air. The old women stink.

LHAZAREEN WOMAN: They do stink.

DAENERYS: You must have been very young when your Khal died.

LHAZAREEN WOMAN: Sixteen.

DAENERYS: Too bad he didnt die sooner.

DAENERYS and the Lhazareen woman smile at each other.

LHAZAREEN WOMAN: Yes, too bad.

The pair round a bend to a secluded desert outcropping.

LHAZAREEN WOMAN: Is it true you have three dragons?

DAENERYS: Mm-hmm.

LHAZAREEN WOMAN: And they breathe fire?

DAENERYS: They do. Would you like to see them one day?

LHAZAREEN WOMAN: I am Dosh Khaleen. I can never leave Vaes Dothrak, until I rise as smoke from the pyre on the day I die.

DAARIO grabs the Lhazareen woman from behind, covers her mouth, and places his dagger against her neck. JORAH is standing behind DAARIO.

DAENERYS: No, dont hurt her.

DAARIO: Shell give us away.

JORAH: We have to go now.

DAENERYS grabs DAARIOs dagger-carrying hand, and he drops it away from the Lhazareen womans neck.

DAENERYS: We will never get out of Vaes Dothrak alive.

JORAH: All we can do is try.

DAENERYS: No. We can do more than that. And youre going to help me.

DAENERYS looks at the Lhazareen woman.

DAENERYS (speaking Dothraki): And you...Have faith in me, Khaleesi. Do not betray me.

The Lhazareen woman nods. DAENERYS looks at DAARIO. DAARIO slowly removes his hand from her mouth.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR CELL
MARGAERY is sitting in the corner of her cell. SEPTA UNELLA enters, then guides MARGAERY out into the prayer room where the HIGH SPARROW waits. MARGAERY walks into the room and shields her eyes from the sunlight. SEPTA UNELLA pushes MARGAERY to her knees, then exits.

HIGH SPARROW: If I were to let you leave right now, where would you go? What would you seek out?

MARGAERY: Id go to my brother, my husband, my family.

HIGH SPARROW: Of course, but for you, that means seeking out money, finery, power. Seeking out your family means seeking out sin. Im not maligning you. I sought those things out, too. To the exclusion of all else. My father was a cobbler. He died with I was young and I took over his shop. He was a simple man and he made simple shoes. But I found that the more work I put into my shoes, the more people wanted them. Fine leather, ornamentation, detailing, and time. Time most of all. Dozens of hours spent on a single pair.

MARGAERY: Quality takes time.

HIGH SPARROW: Yes. I imagine youve worn a year of someones life on your back. The highborn liked to cover their feet with my time and they paid well for the privilege. I used their money to buy a taste of their lives for myself. Each time I indulged, I felt myself ascending to something better.

MARGAERY: And one day you walked through a graveyard and realized it was all for nothing and set out on the path to righteousness. Book of the Stranger, verse 25.

HIGH SPARROW: You know The Seven-Pointed Star.

MARGAERY: Septa Unella reads it to me. At me.

HIGH SPARROW: Yes, yes, she does enjoy reading at people. Youre close. But it wasnt a graveyard. It was a feast. I bought old fine wine and young pretty girls and invited my friends to come share it all. We passed around the wine, passed around the women, and soon we fell into a stupor. I woke before dawn. I could barely stand. Everyone else was asleep on the couches or on the floor, lying in heaps next to their fine clothes. The truth of their bodies laid bare. I could smell them beneath the incense and the perfume and the fine food that had already started to turn. And I saw it with perfect clarity. I saw what my sins were. The gold I had, the wine I drank, the women I used, my ceaseless struggle to maintain my position. It was all part of a story. A story I was telling myself about who I was. A collection of lies that would disappear in the light. The people I was trying to climb away from, the beggars in the street, the poor, they were closer to the truth than I ever was.

MARGAERY: So what did you do?

HIGH SPARROW: I left to go and find them. I didnt even put on my shoes. I walked out the door and never went back.

The HIGH SPARROW stands and extends his hand out to MARGAERY.

HIGH SPARROW: Come, lets go and see him.

MARGAERY: Who?

HIGH SPARROW: Your brother.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR C LORAS CELL

MARGAERY enters her brothers cell. The door closes and locks behind her. Loras is lying on the floor.

MARGAERY: Loras. Loras.

MARGAERY helps LORAS to his knees. He cries.

MARGAERY: Listen to me. You need to stay strong.

LORAS: I cant stay strong. I never was strong.

MARGAERY: You are strong. You are the future of our house, the future of our family.

LORAS: I dont care about that.

MARGAERY: Shh. Have you -- have you told them that? That you dont care?

LORAS: I just want it to stop. Help me.

MARGAERY: They want me to help you. They want me told help tear you down. Thats why hes letting me see you, I know it is. And if either of us give in to what they want, then they win.

LORAS: Let them win. Just make it stop. Please.

LORAS begins sobbing. MARGAERY embraces him.

MARGAERY: All right.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP C TOMMEN'S CHAMBER

CERSEI is walking down the hall to TOMMENs chamber. She hears MAESTER PYCELLE talking.

MAESTER PYCELLE: And now, how to avert disaster with our current predicament. This High Sparrow. I have dealt with fanatics of every description, Your Grace. Not setting them off, thats the most important thing. You are beset with enemies both within and without.

CERSEI enters the room

CERSEI: What are you doing here?

MAESTER PYCELLE: I am advising the king on our current predicament.

CERSEi: Leave.

MAESTER PYCELL: I am a member of the Small Council. The kings small --

CERSEI: Is this a Small Council meeting?

MAESTER PYCELL: Obviously not. Im here to lend my wisdom and my support.

TOMMEN: Thank you for your counsel, Grand Maester. That will be all for now.

MAESTER PYCELL: Your Grace.

MAESTER PYCELLE hobbles towards the door. As he leaves, he flashes CERSEI a smile. CERSEI closes the door.

CERSEI: Since Ive missed the past several Small Coucil meetings, I wanted to speak to you about a few things.

TOMMEN: Ive been thinking about the High Sparrow.

CERSEI: As have we all, unfortunately.

TOMMEN: We need to be careful in dealing with such a man. To prevent things from escalating any further. We have to be careful not to antagonize him. He has Margaery. We cant put her at risk. Hes dangerous.

CERSEI takes TOMMEN by the chin.

CERSEI: Look at me. What did they do to me? To the kings own mother?

TOMMEN looks down.

CERSEI: Its all right. It's done. Its in the past. And of course Margaerys safety is paramount.

TOMMEN: You dont like Margaery, do you?

CERSEI: Whether I like her or not is completely unimportant. Margaery is the queen. Queens must command respect. Kings even more so. Not just for their own sake, but for everyones. The High Sparrow has no respect for kings or queens. No respect for anything in this world. He has no use for the things of this world. He want to knock them down and replace them with what? With fantasies. With beggars in the street. With nothing.

TOMMEN: Mother...theres something I want to tell you. Something the High Sparrow told me.

CERSEI: Youve spoken with him?

TOMMEN: I promised him I wouldnt tell anyone. If he found out I told --

CERSEI: It would be a breach of confidence which he would not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the truth. I am your mother. You can always trust me.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP C SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER

KEVAN and LADY OLENNA are waiting in the Small Council chamber for the meeting to start. CERSEI and JAIME enter.

CERSEI: The Small Council meeting has been postponed on the kings orders.

KEVIN and LADY OLENNA stand up.

LADY OLENNA: I would have thought we were perfectly clear the first time. Youre not welcome.

CERSEI: You once spoke of your respect for our father because he understood the necessity of working with ones rivals.

LADY OLENNA: My dear, you have been stripped of your dignity and authority, publicly shamed, and confined to the Red Keep. Whats left to work with?

JAIME: Cersei is the mother of the king. She has the kings ear and his trust. And the king has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.

CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of seizing it back. Here we are. Well done to us. Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands. In a few days, hell have a trial for me. But before that, Queen Margaery will make her walk of atonement. Yes, Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the city.

LADY OLENNA: Oh, no. That cannot happen. That will not happen.

CERSEi: I agree.

JAIME (to KEVAN): Youve got the second largest army in Westeros. You'll bring them into the city, stop queen Margaerys humiliation before it starts, and take her back into Crown custody.

KEVAN: The king has ordered me to take no action against the High Sparrow or the Faith Militant out of fear for the queens safety.

JAIME: Youll take no action at all. When the Tyrell armies come, you will stand down. Are you expressly forbidden from standing down?

KEVAN: No, but if the king should call on me --

JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can call on you to do anything. When the High Sparrow is in custody or dead, preferably, and Margaery's back at Tommens side, do you think the king will be angry at the outcome?

CERSEI: You hate these fanatics as much as we do. You hate what theyve done to your son. Do you want Lancel back or have you given him up for good?

KEVAN: Of course I want him back.

CERSEI: Then stand aside and let the people that took him from you be destroyed.

KEVAN: If it doesnt go as planned, the Sparrows have many friends in the city. Well have civil war. Many will die.

LADY OLENNA: Many will die no matter what we do. Better them than us.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. IRON ISLANDS - HARBOR
THEON approaches Pyke Castle by boat.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: PYKE CASTLE C GREAT HALL

THEON enters. YARA is sitting by the fire.

YARA: They told me you were home and I didnt believe it. Theon Greyjoy? I said. Hes dead. Hes been dead a long time." He let you go?

THEON: I escaped.

YARA turns and looks at THEON.

YARA: I cant hear you.

THEON: I escaped.

YARA stands up and then walks towards THEON.

YARA: Look at me. Look at me! Men died trying to rescue you. Good men. My men.

THEON: Im sorry.

YARA: You were my brother. Youre a spoiled little cunt, but you were my brother and I risked everything for you and you betrayed me.

THEON: I know. I know and Im sorry.

YARA: Stop saying that.

THEON: He broke me. He broke me into a thousand pieces.

YARA: I know.

THEON: You dont know.

YARA: He send us one of those pieces. Thats why I came for you.

THEON sobs.

YARA: Why did you come here?

THEON: Where else could I go?

YARA: You heard father was dead and thought youd claim the crown?

THEON: No, no. I only heard he died after we docked.

YARA: You happen to show up on Pyke right before the Kingsmoot?

THEON: I didnt know.

YARA: You think any Ironborn wants you to be king? After what youve done?

THEON: I dont want to be king.

YARA: What do you want?

THEON: I shouldve listened to you. Youre the only one --

YARA: That doesnt matter anymore. Stop crying. Look at me. Tell me what you want.

THEON: You should rule the Iron Islands. Let me help you.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. WINTERFELL C ROOM

RAMSAY peels an apple with a knife. The door opens. A guard ushers OSHA into the room. RAMSAY nods. The guard leaves and closes the door.

RAMSAY: They've cleaned you up nicely. You know who I am?

OSHA: A lord?

RAMSAY: Yes. A lord. Youve seen my banners?

OSHA: The flayed man.

RAMSAY: Does that worry you at all?

OSHA: You eat them after?

RAMSAY: No.

OSHA: Then Ive seen worse.

RAMSAY peels the skin of the apple and puts it on the table with the knife. OSHA looks at the knife. RAMSAY waves for OSHA to come to him. She walks towards him.

RAMSAY: You served the Starks?

OSHA: Aye. They put me in chains and put a sword at my throat, so Ive served them.

RAMSAY: The Starks have been gone for a long time, but you kept protecting Rickon.

OSHA: He'd fetch a good price to the right buyer. I served his family a long time. Didnt get no wages. Way I see it, Im owed.

RAMSAY: Be that as it may, Rickon's not yours to sell anymore. Hes mine. So what use could I possibly have for you?

OSHA: I can give you what you want.

RAMSAY: Are you sure you know what that is?

OSHA comes closer and sits down on his lap. They kiss.

OSHA: Same thing men always want. And when they really want it, they give it a bath first.

OSHA slowly begins to reach for the knife on the table.

RAMSAY: Youre a good talker.

RAMSAY grabs OSHA by her hair and yanks her head back.

RAMSAY: I like that.

RAMSAY kisses OSHA'S neck. She reaches into his pants.

RAMSAY: Youre a much better talker than Theon Greyjoy.

OSHA: That so?

RAMSAY: I had to work hard to get him talking. But he talked. They all do.

OSHA's hand inches closer to the knife.

RAMSAY: He told me everything. All about the Stark boys. Who helped them escape, and how she did it.

OSHA gets up and tries to stab RAMSAY with the knife, but RAMSAY stabs her in the neck first. She falls on the ground, with blood running from her neck. She dies. RAMSAY cleans his knife and continues to peel the apple. He bites a piece.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. CASTLE BLACK C COURTYARD

MAN: Open the gate!

The gate opens and a knight from the Bolton family enters.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK C MESS HALL

SANSA, JON SNOW, BRIENNE, TORMUND, and DOLOROUS EDD are eating at a table. SANSA looks at the meat on her fork. JON SNOW, DOLOROUS EDD, and TORMUND eat vigorously. BRIENNE looks around at the men eating. TORMUND stares intently at BRIENNE. BRIENNE looks away. TORMUND smiles. DOLOROUS EDD notices their interaction.

DOLOROUS EDD (to SANSA): Sorry about the food. Its not what were known for.

SANSA: Thats all right. There are more important things.

A Night's Watchman enters the room and holds out a scroll to JON SNOW.

MAN: A letter for you, Lord Commander.

JON SNOW: Im not Lord Commander anymore.

JON SNOW takes the letter. The man leaves. JON SNOW sees the seal of House Bolton. He opens the scroll and starts reading.

JON SNOW: "To the traitor and bastard Jon Snow. You allowed thousands of wildlings past the Wall. You have betrayed your own kind. You have betrayed the North. Winterfell is mine, bastard. Come and see. Your brother Rickon is in my dungeon.

JON SNOW looks at SANSA.

JON SNOW: His direwolf's skin is on my floor. Come and see. I want my bride back. Send her to me, bastard, and I will not trouble you or your wildling lovers. Keep her from me and I will ride north and slaughter every wildling man, woman, and babe living under your protection. You will watch as I skin them living. You --

SANSA: Go on.

JON SNOW: It's just more of the same.

JON SNOW puts the letter away, but SANSA takes it and continues reading.

SANSA: "You will watch as my soldiers take turns raping your sister. You will watch as my dogs your wild little brother. Then I will spoon your eyes from their sockets and let my dogs do the rest. Come and see. Ramsay Bolton, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North.

JON SNOW: Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North.

SANSA: His father's dead. Ramsay killed him. And now he has Rickon.

JON SNOW: We dont know that.

SANSA: Yes, we do.

TORMUND: How many men does he have in his army?

SANSA: I heard him say 5,000 once when he was talking about Stanniss attack.

JON SNOW (to TORMUND): How many do you have?

TORMUND: That can march and fight? 2,000. The rest are children and old people.

SANSA (to JON SNOW): You're the son of the last true Warden of the North. Northern families are loyal. Theyll fight for you if you ask.

SANSA takes JON SNOW's hand.

SANSA: A monster has taken our home and our brother. We have to go back to Winterfell and save them both.

JON SNOW nods.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. VAES DOTHRAK C TEMPLE OF THE DOSH KHALEEN

All the khals are gathered in council. They speak in Dothraki.

KHAL MORO: It is forbidden to spill blood in the sacred city. It is forbidden to carry weapons in the sacred city.

KHAL #1: So we dont spill blood.

KHAL MORO: Well theres always a little blood.

KHAL #1: Someone crushed his head with a rock.

KHAL MORO: Aggo belonged to my khalaser. He served me well. He got his head smashed in by a rock. Fuck Aggo.

KHAL #1 sits down.

KHAL MORO: Bring in Drogos widow.

DAENARYS enters, ushered by the Lhazareen woman and the leader of the Dosh Khaleen. The khals bow their heads.

KHAL #2: Who cares about her? Shes a midget.

KHAL #1: I like her.

KHAL #2: Shes paler than milk.

KHAL #3: Id like to know what a khaleesi tastes like.

KHAL #1: Good. You can suck my dick.

The Khals laugh.

KHAL MORO: She belongs with the Dosh Khaleen.

KHAL #4: The Wise Masters of Yunkai want her. Theyre offering ten thousand horses In exchange. What's worth more, one pink little girl or ten thousand horses?

KHAL MORO: Fuck the Wise Masters in their perfumed asses. Ill take their horses for myself.

DAENERYS: Dont you want to know what I think?

All the khals raise their heads and stare at DAENERYS

KHAL MORO: Youd rather be sold to slavery? Or maybe youd like to show Rhalko here what you taste like?

DAENERYS: No. I dont want either of those things.

KHAL MORO: We dont care what you want. This is the Temple of the Dosh Khaleen. You have no voice here, unless you are Dosh Khaleen. Which you are not, until we decide you are.

DAENERYS: I know where I am. I have been here before. This is where the Dosh Khaleen pronounced my child the Stallion Who Mounts the World.

KHAL MORO: And what happened? You trusted a sorceress, like a fool. Your baby is dead because of you. And so is Khal Drogo.

DAENERYS: This is where Drogo promised to take his khalasar west to where the world ends. To ride wooden horses across the Black Salt Sea as no khal has done before. He promised to kill the men in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses. He swore to me before the Mother of Mountains.

KHAL MORO: And you were dumb enough to believe him?

DAENERYS: And here, now, what great matters do the Great Khals discuss? Which little villages youll raid, how many girls youll get to fuck, how many horses youll demand in tribute. You are small men. None of you are fit to lead the Dothraki. But I am. So I will.

The khals laugh.

KHAL MORO: All right. No Dosh Khaleen for you. Instead well take turns fucking you. And then well let our bloodriders fuck you.

KHAL MORO stands.

KHAL MORO: And If theres anything left of you, well give our horses a turn. You crazy cunt. Did you really think we would serve you?

DAENERYS lays her hand on a fire pit.

DAENERYS: Youre not going to serve. Youre going to die.

DAENERYS knocks down all the fire pits one by one. The khals cower away from the flame. The flame begins to cover the entire temple. The khals run to the door and try to escape, but the door has been barred. JORAH and DAARIO watch the temple burning from the outside. The Dothraki people gather around the burning temple. DAENERYS grabs the final fire pit and knocks it in KHAL MORO's direction. The fire engulfs the entire temple and kills all the khals. DAENERYS walks out of the fire, unharmed and naked. All the Dothraki bow to DAENERYS. JORAH and DAARIO walk up to the steps burning temple. JORAH bows to DAENERYS. DAARIO stares at her and then bows.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. CASTLE BLACK - SANSAS ROOM

SANSA is knitting. There is a knock at the door.

SANSA: Yes?

A man of the Nights Watch enters.

MAN: For you, my lady.

The man hands SANSA a scroll. It bears the mockingbird sigil of House Baelish. SANSA unrolls the scroll and reads it.

SANSA: How far is Moles Town?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MOLES TOWN - SHACK

LITTLEFINGER is standing in the center of the room. SANSA and BRIENNE enter. LITTLEFINGER turns to greet them.

LITTLEFINGER: Sansa. Lady Brienne. When I heard you had escaped WInterfell, I feared the worst. You have no idea how happy I am to see you unharmed.

SANSA: Unharmed? What are you doing here?

LITTLEFINGER: I rode north with the Knights of the Vale to come to your aid. Theyre encamped at Moat Cailin as we speak.

SANSA: To come to my aid? Did you know about Ramsay? If you didnt know, youre an idiot. If you did know, youre my enemy.

SANSA steps closer to LITTLEFINGER.

SANSA: Would you like to hear about our wedding night? He never hurt my face. He needed my face, the face of Ned Starks daughter. But the rest of me, he did what he liked with the rest of me as long as I could still give him an heir. What do you think he did?

LITTLEFINGER: I cant begin to contemplate --

SANSA: What do you think he did to me?

BRIENNE: Lady Sansa asked you a question.

LITTLEFINGER: He beat you.

SANSA: Yes, he enjoyed that. What else do you think he did?

LITTLEFINGER: Sansa, I --

SANSA: What else?

LITTLEFINGER: Did he cut you?

SANSA: Maybe you did know about Ramsay all along.

LITTLEFINGER: I didnt know.

SANSA: I thought you knew everyones secrets.

LITTLEFINGER: I made a mistake, a horrible mistake. I underestimated a stranger.

SANSA: The other things he did, ladies arent supposed to talk about those things, but I imagine brothel keepers talk about them all the time. I can still feel it. I dont mean in my tender heart it still pains me so. I can still feel what he did in my body standing here right now.

LITTLEFINGER: Im so sorry.

SANSA: You said you would protect me.

LITTLEFINGER: And I will. You must believe me when I tell you that I will.

SANSA: I dont believe you anymore. I dont need you anymore. You cant protect me. You wont even be able to protect yourself if I tell Brienne to cut you down. And why shouldnt I?

LITTLEFINGER: Do you want me to beg for my life? If thats what you want, I will. Whatever you ask that is in my power, I will do.

SANSA: What if I want you to die here and now?

LITTLEFINGER: Then I will die.

SANSA: You freed me from the monsters who murdered my family and you gave me to other monsters who murdered my family. Go back to Moat Cailin. My brother and I will take back the North on our own. I never want to see you again.

LITTLEFINGER: I would do anything to undo whats been done to you. I know that I cant. Will you allow me to say one more thing before I go? Your great-uncle Brynden the Blackfish has gathered what remains of the Tully forces and retaken Riverrun. You might consider seeking him out. The time may come when you need an army loyal to you.

SANSA: I have an army.

LITTLEFINGER: Your brothers army.

LITTLEFINGER walks beside SANSA.

LITTLEFINGER: Half-brother.

LITTLEFINGER exits.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE - TRAINING ROOM
ARYA and the WAIF are dueling with staves atop the sparring platform. They both strike many blows, all of them deflected by the other. The WAIF feigns and trips ARYA with a blow to the back of the legs. ARYA falls to the ground. The WAIF points her staff in ARYAs face.

WAIF: Youre not ready. You should go home before its too late.

The WAIF begins to walk away. ARYA jumps to her feet. The WAIF turns around and drops her staff, then approaches ARYA. ARYA swings at the WAIF several times, but the WAIF dodges and redirects the blows. The WAIF kicks ARYA in her midsection, sending her off the platform. ARYA hops back on the platform and advances. The WAIF disarms ARYA and punches her multiple times, knocking her off the platform and onto the ground.

WAIF: Youll never be one of us, Lady Stark.

The Faceless Man taking on the visage of JAQEN HGHAR appears.

JAQEN: She has a point.

JAQEN walks away. ARYA follows. They enter the Hall of Faces.

JAQEN: None of the first Faceless Men were born to lords and ladies. They began as slaves in the mines of Valyria.

ARYA: Who was the first?

JAQEN: He was no one. The Many-Faced God taught him how to shed his face and how to give the gift. The man taught others in exchange for their service. Many served, many more gifts were given. Soon all the masters and overseers were gone and the Faceless Men fled.

ARYA: Where did they go?

JAQEN: Here. They founded the Free City of Braavos and built this house. These were the faces they wore in life when they were not wearing others. The first Faceless Men. And now a girl is one of them, if a girl desires.

ARYA: A girl has no desires.

JAQEN holds up a small bottle.

ARYA: Who?

ARYA takes the bottle.

JAQEN: An actress who calls herself Lady Crane. She performs at the theater in Sheelba Square. A girl has been given a second chance. There will not be a third. One way or another, a face will be added to the hall.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BRAAVOS - SHEELBA SQUARE

Actors are performing a play. An audience has gathered to watch. ARYA is among them. On stage, an actor named IZEMBARO dressed as ROBERT BARATHEON walks back and forth. Two prop men mirror his movements, carrying a tarp that displays a forest landscape. Another prop man carries a cut-out of a boar and rams it into the actors rear end. The sound man makes a farting noise.

IZEMBARO: Ahh!

ARYA laughs along with the crowd. The prop man strikes IZEMBARO with the boar prop again, this time in front. The actor recoils and the prop men replace the forest background with a black background.

IZEMBARO: Oh, murdered by a boar. The great big hairy whore. He dug in his tusks and dug out my guts and soon I am no more.

IZEMBARO produces an intestine prop from his garb. He staggers, but is supported by another actor, CLARENZO, portraying JOFFREY.

CLARENZO: Oh, come, Father, in bed you must lie. I love you, Father. Please dont die.

IZEMBARO prop slaps CLARENZO. ARYA laughs with the crowd.

IZEMBARO: Shut up, you swine! Cersei, more wine.

The actor portraying Joffrey falls to his knees in the front of the stage. LADY CRANE, portraying CERSEI, appears on the stage and walks to him.

LADYC RANE: I feel the winds of winter as they lick across the land. And our son alone on that cold, cold throne without a guiding hand. Who will teach him strength? Who will teach him grace? To whom will he turn when its time to learn to look darkness in the face?

IZEMBARO: Ned stark will do fine. Now bring me more wine.

BOBONO, portraying TYRION, appears and fills his glass. CAMELLO, portraying NED, appears and adjusts his crotch.

CAMELLO: Ooh! Ooh, whats happened here, then?

BOBONO: He brought you here, Ned Stark, cause youre the brightest fellow in the land. You should be king of us all and I should be your Hand.

CAMELLO: We men of the North are right good hands at keeping people lawful.

CAMELLO gestures to IZEMBARO.

CAMELLO: Id ask him for permission, but he smells too bloody awful.

The crowd laughs. ARYA looks around at them. She does not laugh.

IZEMBARO: I die! I die! And here I now must lie. Oh, woe. Oh, no. Oh, I am about to go.

The sound man makes a farting noise.

LADY CRANE: Will you stay on as Joffreys Hand?

CAMELLO: The Iron Thrones what I demand.

LADY CRANE: You cannot.

CAMELLO: I can.

LADY CRANE: You will not.

CAMELLO: I will.

LADY CRANE: You dare not.

CAMELLO: I dare yes.

LADY CRANE: The line of succession.

CAMELLO: Whats that mean?

LADY CRANE: The proper progression.

CAMELLO: Whats that mean?

LADY CRANE: The lawful ascension.

CAMELLO: Whats that mean?

The crowd laughs. Music plays. The crowd claps and cheers. The actors change scenes. CLARENZO is sitting on a cut-out of the Iron Throne. LADY CRANE and CAMELLO are standing next to him. BOBONO stands off to the side on a step stool.

CAMELLO: So move along, give me my chair and there wont be no more trouble.

CLARENZO prop slaps CAMELLO. CAMELLO stumbles into the grasp of BOBONO, who sends him to his knees.

CAMELLO: But we had a deal all done and dusted.

Two prop men carrying spears lift CAMELLO to his feet.

CAMELLO: Im starting to think you cant be trusted.

The prop men usher CAMELLO offstage. As they change the scene, CLARENZO and LADY CRANE take center stage. LADY CRANE dons CLARENZO with a crown. In a new scene, CAMELLO is on a cut-out chopping block. CLARENZO and LADY CRANE stand to one side, and a prop man dressed as an executioner stands on the other. BIANCA, portraying Sansa, appears.

BIANCA: Save my father.

LADY CRANE: Truly you should. Killing the man will do you no good.

BIANCA: Save him, please.

LADY CRANE: Show him mercy. Show the people what a good king should be.

CLARENZO: Good people, you may all relax. My fathers friend shall be spared the 

The prop man portraying the executioner swings his axe. CAMELLO ducks behind the chopping block and tosses out a prop head.

BIANCA: Father! No! Oh, father.

BIANCA takes the prop head. The executioner prop man wrenches the head from her grasp and tosses it to the other prop men.

BOBONO: Worry not! All is well. I have here a decree from my father Tywin Lannister, the richest man youll see. He proclaims me Hand of the King. The positions mine for life. And hes give me permission to take Sansa as my wife.

He prop slaps CLARENZO in the face.

BOBONO: Youll learn that what I lack in height I make up for in appetite.

He rips open her shirt, exposing her breasts.

BOBONO: So lets forget about your plight, and go rehearse our wedding night.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BACKSTAGE

All the actors from the play are gathered together, taking a break and attending to their costumes. The director, IZEMBARO, joins them. CLARENZO is examining his penis.

CLARENZO: Its a wart. Two warts. Ive got two fucking warts on my cock.

CAMELLO: Well, dont worry, love. They usually go away in five or six years.

CAMELLO approaches ARYA and tosses her his costume cloak.

CAMELLO: Oh, wash this, darling. It stinks of me.

IZEMBARO (to BIANCA): You can do better, Bianca, dear. You must do.

BIANCA: I had two lines.

IZEMBARO: There are no small parts. You rang very false.

BIANCA: I rang very false?

BOBONO: What you need, love, is for someone to ring you true.

BIANCA slaps BOBONO upside the head.

BIANCA (to IZEMBARO): You werent complaining about me last night.

BOBONO approaches LADY CRANE.

BOBONO: May I get you some wine, Lady Crane?

LADY CRANE: Im a rum girl, Bobono. You need to know that if were going to be intimate.

BOBONO: Of course were going to be intimate.

LADY CRANE: Its only a matter of time.

LADY CRANE uncorks her bottle of rum and pours herself a glass. The holds her drink up to BOBONO.

LADY CRANE: To our children.

BOBONO: May they have your talent.

LADY CRANE: And your filthy mind.

They clink their glasses together and drink.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE - WASHING ROOM

JAQEN is washing a body. ARYA is standing by.

ARYA: A girl will poison the rum. Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it.

JAQEN looks at ARYA and nods.

ARYA: If a girl could use one of the faces from the hall

JAQEN: A girl is not ready.

ARYA: Shes a good actress.

JAQEN: So a man has heard.

ARYA: Seems like a decent woman.

JAQEN: Does death only come for the wicked and leave the decent behind?

ARYA: No. Who wants her dead?

JAQEN: That does not matter. The price was paid.

ARYA: The younger actress. Shes jealous because Lady Crane is better.

JAQEN: A girl must decide if she wants to serve the Many-Faced God.

ARYA: A girl has decided.

JAQEN: A servant does not ask questions.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE
BRAN is clinging to the roots of the tree. His eyes are glazed white.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - UNKNOWN LAND

BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN are walking together. They approach a weirwood tree encircled by many stones. The stones form a spiral. A Child of the Forest runs between the stones. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN follow her. They find a group of the Children crouching in a circle, whispering to each other. LEAF stands, carrying a shard of dragonglass. She approaches a man who is bound to the weirwood tree.

MAN: No! No! No!

LEAF slowly drives the shard into the mans heart until it disappears inside his chest. The mans eyes turn blue.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE

LEAF is watching BRAN. BRAN releases the root of the tree and wakes up from his vision.

BRAN: It was you. You made the White Walkers.

LEAF: We were at war. We were being slaughtered. Our sacred trees cut down. We needed to defend ourselves.

BRAN: From whom?

LEAF: From you. From men.

LEAF exits. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN stare at each other.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. PYKE - SEASIDE CLIFFS
All the Ironborn are gathered together. YARA, THEON, and AERON stand among them.

AERON: We speak in the presence of the Drowned God. In his name we father today to choose a new king as our leader. Who makes a claim?

YARA walks out into the open.

YARA: I am Yara Greyjoy, daughter of Balon Greyjoy, King of the Iron Islands. I claim the Salt Throne.

MAN #1: Weve never had a queen. Not once.

YARA: There are many things weve never done. Weve never made our mark upon the world. The great lords of Westeros pay us no mind until our little raids buzz through their kingdoms long enough to become a nuisance. Then they swat us down. They conquer us, humiliate us, and go right back to forgetting we exist.

ALL: Aye!

YARA: We are a sea people.

ALL: Aye!

YARA: Our god is a sea god.

ALL: Aye!


YARA: When I am queen, we will build a fleet that 

MAN #2: You shall not be queen!

YARA: I am not finished!

MAN #2: Yes, you are! A woman will not lead us. Not when Balons own male heir has returned.

The man looks at THEON. THEON emerges from the crowd and turns to face them.

THEON: I am Theon Greyjoy...last living son of Balon Greyjoy.

THEON points at YARA.

THEON: And she is your rightful ruler. Those of you that have sailed under her, and there are many of you here, you know what she is.

ALL: Aye!

THEON: She is a reaver!

ALL: Aye!

THEON: She is a warrior!

ALL: Aye!

THEON: She is ironborn!

ALL: Aye!

THEON: We will find no better leader. This is our queen.

THEON and YARA stare at each other. The men cheer and chant YARAs name.

EURON: Im Euron Greyjoy.

The men fall silent. EURON appears and walks through the crowd towards YARA and THEON.

EURON: I claim the Salt Throne.

EURON emerges from the crowd and stands before YARA and THEON. He looks at YARA.

EURON: Niece.

EURON looks at THEON and then walks up to him.

EURON: Nephew. Little Theon.

EURON pats THEON on the cheek, then turns to face the crowd.

EURON: Heard you managed to fuck things right into the ground. Captured a castle you couldnt keep. Got yourself taken prisoner. Even heard you have no cock.

The Ironborn laugh. EURON points at YARA.

EURON: Explains why you think a woman can be king.

YARA: When did you return, Uncle?

EURON: A few days ago. I had some things to take care of. Long overdue.

YARA: Im glad youre here. Now I know what my first act as queen will be. To execute the man who killed my father.

The men murmur to each other.

EURON: I did. I killed him. Threw him right over a rope bridge and watched him fall. He was leading us nowhere and we would still be heading there if it werent for me. No one loved him. No one wanted to follow him. He led ius into two wars we couldnt win. I apologize to you all for not killing him years ago.

THEON: That would have been hard to do. You werent here. Last I heard, you were gallivanting around the world having a grand old time.

EURON: Gallivanting? That the sort of thing you start to say once your dick gets chopped off?

The Ironborn laugh.

EURON: Did the great lord of Westeros teach you words like that?

THEON: You were gone. Yara was here. Being Ironborn. Leading Ironborn. Getting ready to bring us back to glory.

EURON: And how will she do that?

YARA: I will build the largest fleet the world has ever seen.

EURON: Right idea, except Im the one whos going to build the Iron Fleet because Im the one who knows how to use it. Ive been all over the world. Ive seen more of it than all of you combined. And across the sea there is a person who hates the great lords of Westeros just as much as we do. Someone with a large army, three large dragons, and no husband. Im going to build that fleet and Im going to gallivant right over and give it to Daenerys Targaryen along with my big cock.

The Ironborn laugh.

YARA: Youre going to seduce the Dragon Queen?


EURON: Im not going to seduce her. The Iron Fleet will seduce her. And together were going to take the Seven Kingdoms. I wasnt born to be king. I paid the iron price and here I stand.

The Ironborn cheer and chant EURONs name. THEON and YARA exchange a glance.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: PYKE - BEACH

Several Ironborn carrying flags stand on the shore. EURON is kneeling in the water. AERON pushes him underwater. Meanwhile, YARA, THEON, and some Ironborn run through a cave tunnel.

AERON: May Euron, your servant, be born again from the sea as you were. Bless him with salt. Bless him with stone. Bless him with steel.

THEON, YARA, and the men with them run out onto a beach and into awaiting rowboats.

AERSON: Listen to the waves. Listen to the god. He is speaking to us and he says we shall have no king but Euron Greyjoy. Let the sea wash your follies and your vanities away. Let the old Euron drown. Let his lungs fill with seawater.

EURON drowns.

AERON: Let the fish eat the scales off his eyes.

YARA, THEON, and the men board a large ship.

AERON: What is dead may never die, but rises again harder and stronger.

AERON releases his grip on EURON. Two Ironborn carrying EURON onto shore. AERON and the other Ironborn gathered in attendance all stare at EURON. EURON does not move.One man begins to walk closer to him. EURON gags and coughs. He props himself up on his arms and legs, then spits up water and gasps for air. AERON retrieves a crown made of driftwood and places it on EURONs head.

AERON: What is dead may never die.

ALL: What is dead may never die.

The Ironborn cheer. EURON rises to his feet and looks around at the crowd.

EURON: Where are my niece and nephew? Lets go murder them.

EURON leads AERON and the Ironborn up to a seaside cliff. They stare out at the ocean. A fleet of ships is sailing away from Pyke.

AERON: They stole our best ships.

EURON: Wont be enough to save them.

EURON turns to face the Ironborn.

EURON: Go back to your homes. Chop down every tree you can find. Quarter-saw the timber and start building. I want every man bending planks. I want every woman spinning flax for sails. Build me a thousand ships and I will give you this world.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. VAES DOTHRAK - CLIFFS
DAENERYS stands at the edge of the cliff, looking out at Vaes Dothrak. She turns to face JORAH and DAARIO, who are standing behind her.

DAENERYS (to JORAH): I banished you twice. You came back twice. And you saved my life. So I cant take you back and I cant send you away.

DAENERYS approaches JORAH, but he recoils.

JORAH: You must send me away.

JORAH rolls up his sleeve to reveal the greyscale covering his forearm.

DAENERYS: Is there a cure?

JORAH: I dont know.

DAENERYS: How long does it take?

JORAH: I dont know that either. But Ive seen what happens when it goes far enough. Ill end things before that.

DAENERYS begins to cry.

DAENERYS: Im sorry. Im so sorry.

JORAH: Dont be. All Ive ever wanted was to serve you. Tyrion Lannister was right. I love you. Ill always love you. Goodbye, Khaleesi.

JORAH begins to walk away.

DAENERYS: Do not walk away from your queen, Jorah the Andal.

JORAH turns back to face DAENERYS. She approaches him.

DAENERYS: You have not been dismissed. You pledged yourself to me. You swore to obey my commands for the rest of your life.

JORAH nods.

DAENERYS: Well, I command you to find the cure wherever it is in this world. I command you to heal yourself and then return to me. When I take the Seven Kingdoms, I need you by my side.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VAES DOTHRAK - HORSE GATE

JORAH sits on a horse, watching DAENERYS and DAARIO lead the Dothraki horde out of Vaes Dothrak. He turns his horse around and starts off into the wilderness.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID CONFERENCE ROOM
VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are gathered together. TYRION pours himself a glass of wine and joins them.

VARYS: In the last fortnight since our pact with the Masters, how many killings have been carried out by the Sons of the Harpy?

GREY WORM: None.

VARYS: And how many Masters have been butchered by the free men.

GREY WORM: Two, but that was the day of the pact. Since then, nothing.

VARYS: So its safe to say that a fragile peace has taken hold.

GREY WORM: For now.

VARYS: For now is the best we get in our profession.

TYRION: Its not enough.

VARYS: Considering the city was on the brink of civil war, Id say its a good start.

TYRION: Its not enough for Meereen to have peace. They need to know Daenerys is responsible for it. The Sons of the Harpy have a good story. Resist the foreign invaders. Our queen has an even better story. Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and...all that.

MISSANDEI: The people know who brought them freedom.

TYRION: Yes, but do they know who brought them security? Who brought about an end to the violence? We need someone the people trust, someone they know who cannot be bought or influenced.

VARYS: Sounds like quite the hero. Where would we find him?

TYRION: Who said anything about him?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID AUDIENCE CHAMBER

TYRION and VARYS stand on the plateau above the audience chamber. A woman stans at the bottom of the steps, and a man stand a few steps in front of her.

MAN (speaking Valyrian): You stand in the presence of Kinvara, High Priestess of the Red Temple of Volantis, the Flame of Truth, the Light of Wisdom, the First Servant of the Lord of Light.

The man steps aside. KINVARA walks up a few steps.

TYRION (speaking Valyrian): Welcome to Meereen.

KINVARA stops on the middle plateau.

TYRION: Thats about the extent of my Valyrian.

KINVARA says nothing.

TYRION: Thank you for travelling all this way. I know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.

TYRION looks at VARYS. KINVARA says nothing.

TYRION: The truth is we need your help. We had hoped that we could somehow persuade you to --

KINVARA: You dont need to persuade me. I came to help.

KINVARA continues up the steps.

KINVARA: Daenerys Stormborn is the one who was promised. From the fire she was reborn to remake the world.

TYRION: Yes.

KINVARA: She has freed the slaves from their chains and crucified the Masters for their sins.

TYRION: She did indeed.

KINVARA: Her dragons are fire made flesh, a gift from the Lord of Light. But you heard all this before, havent you? On the Long Bridge of Volantis. The dragons will purify nonbelievers by the thousands, burning their sins and flesh away.

TYRION: Ideally wed avoid purifying too many nonbelievers. The Mother of Dragons has followers of many different faiths.

KINVARA: You want your queen to be worshipped and obeyed. And while shes gone, you want her advisors to be worshipped and obeyed.

TYRION: Id settle for obeyed.

KINVARA: I will summon my most eloquent priests. They will spread the word. Daenerys has been sent to lead the people against the darkness in this war and in the great war still to come.

TYRION: That sounds most excellent --

VARYS: A man named Stannis Baratheon was anointed as the chosen one by one of your priestesses. He, too, had a glorious destiny. He attacked Kings Landing and was soundly defeated by the man standing beside me. Last I had heard, hed been defeated again, this time at Winterfell and this time for good.

TYRION: Wed be most grateful for any support you could provide the queen.

VARYS: I suppose its hard for a fanatic to admit a mistake. Isnt that the whole point of being a fanatic? Youre always right. Everything is the Lords will.

KINVARA: Everything is the Lords will. But men and women make mistakes. Even honest servants of the Lord.

VARYS: And you, an honest servant of the lord, why should I trust you to know any more than the priestess who counseled Stannis?

TYRION: My friend has a healthy skepticism of religion, but we are all loyal supporters of the queen.

VARYS nods. KINVARA takes two more steps. She is one step away from TYRION and VARYS.

KINVARA: Everyone is what they are and where they are for a reason. Terrible things happen for a reason. Take what happened to you, Lord Varys, when you were a child. If not for your mutilation at the hand of a second-rate sorcerer, you wouldnt be here helping the Lords Chosen bring his light into the world. Knowledge has made you powerful. But theres still so much you dont know. Do you remember what you heard that night when the sorcerer tossed your parts in the fire? You heard a voice call out from the flames. Do you remember? Should I tell you what the voice said?

KINVARA approaches VARYS and places her hand on his arm.

KINVARA: Should I tell you the name of the one who spoke?

VARYS scrunches up his face and stares at KINVARA. KINVARA smiles.

KINVARA: We serve the same queen. If you are her true friend, you have nothing to fear from me.

KINVARA turns and walks back down the steps.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE
BRAN lets a handful of sand run through his fingers. He lays back and then looks SUMMER, HODOR, and the THREE-EYED RAVEN. SUMMER and HODOR are sleeping, but the THREE-EYED RAVEN has his eyes open. BRAN picks up a wood chip and throws it at the THREE-EYED RAVEN. The THREE-EYED RAVEN does not stir. BRAN drags himself over to the roots of the tree and takes hold of them. His eyes turn white.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - UNKNOWN LAND

BRAN walks among the spiraling stones surrounding the weirwood tree from before, only now everything is covered in snow. He stares at the tree, then turns around. The army of the undead stands in attendance.

BRAN: What?

BRAN walks towards them, and then among their ranks. They do not react. He inspects several of them as he walks by. On the other side of the army, he finds the Night King and four White Walkers on horseback. The Night King stares at him. BRAN turns around to find the entire army of the undead staring at him. When he turns back around, the Night King is standing right behind him. He recoils, but the Night King grabs his forearm. He screams.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE

BRAN screams as he releases the tree root and the vision ends. MEERA jumps to her feet.

BRAN: He saw me, the Night King! He saw me!

THREE-EYED RAVEN: He touched you.

LEAF and another Child of the Forest enter.

BRAN: I dont know. He was close, but --

THREE-EYED RAVEN: He touched you.

BRAN pulls back his sleeve. There is a handprint on his forearm.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: He knows you are here. Hell come for you.

BRAN: But he cant get in.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: He can now. His mark is on you. You must leave, all of you.

MEERA: Come on, Hodor. Help me with the sledge.

HODOR: Hodor.

BRAN: Im sorry. I didnt mean to.

THREE-EYED RAVEN: The time has come.

BRAN: The time for what?

THREE-EYED RAVEN: For you to become me.

BRAN: But am I ready?

THREE-EYED RAVEN: No.

BRANs eyes turn white.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CASTLE BLACK - DINING HALL
JON SNOW, SANSA, BRIENNE, DOLOROUS EDD, DAVOS, TORMUND, and MELISANDRE are gathered around a table. A map is spread out on the table with tokens indicating houses laid on its surface.

JON SNOW: We cant defend the north from the Walkers and the south from the Boltons. If we want to survive, we need Winterfell, and to take Winterfell, we need more men.

DAVOS: Aside from the Starks and the Boltons, the most powerful houses in the North are the Umbers, the Karstarks, and the Manderlys.

DAVOS stands and moves some of the tokens to Winterfell.

DAVOS: The Umbers and the Karstarks have already declared for the Boltons, so were not doing so well there.

SANSA: The Umbers gave Rickon to our enemies. They can hang. But the Karstarks declared for Ramsay without knowing they had another choice.

DAVOS: I beg your pardon, my lady, but they know that a Stark beheaded their father. I dont think we can count on them either.

SANSA: How well do you know the North, Ser Davos?

DAVOS: Precious little, my lady.

SANSA: My father always said Northerners are different. More loyal, more suspicious of outsiders.

DAVOS: They may well be loyal, but how many rose up against the Boltons when they betrayed your family? I may not know the North, but I know men. Theyre more or less the same in any corner of the world and even the bravest of them dont want to see their wives and children skinned for a lost cause. If Jons going to convince them to fight alongside him, they need to believe its a fight they can win.

JON SNOW: There are more than three other houses in the North -- Glover, Mormont, Cerwyn, Mazin, Hornwood. Two dozen more. Together they equal all the others. We can start small and build.

SANSA: The North remembers. They remember the Stark name. People will still risk everything for it, from White Harbor to Ramsays own door.

DAVOS: I dont doubt it. But Jon doesnt have the Stark name.

SANSA: No, but I do.

JON SNOW stares at SANSA.

SANSA: Jon is every bit as much Ned Starks son as Ramsay is Roose Boltons. Ant there are also the Tullys. Theyre not Northern, but they will back us against the Boltons without question.

DAVOS: I didnt know the Tullys still had an army.

SANSA: My uncle the Blackfish has reformed it and retaken Riverrun.

JON SNOW: How do you know that?

SANSA: Ramsay received a raven before I escaped Winterfell.

DAVOS: Thats good. The Blackfish is a legend. His support would mean a great deal. Stark, Tully, a few more houses, almost starts to look like a winning side.

SANSA smiles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - BALCONY

BRIENNE follows SANSA down the stairs and along a walkway.

BRIENNE: Ive sworn to protect you, my lady.

SANSA: You heard them. We need more men and my uncle has an army.

BRIENNE: We can send the Blackfish a raven.

SANSA: Cant risk Ramsay intercepting it. It has to be you.

BRIENNE and SANSA enter SANSAs chamber. BRIENNE closes the door behind them.

SANSA: Ride for Riverrun. My uncle will talk to you and youll know how to talk to him.

SANSA sits down on her bed.

SANSA: What is it?

BRIENNE: I dont like leaving you here alone.

SANSA: With Jon?

BRIENNE: Not him. He seems trustworthy. A bit brooding, perhaps. I suppose thats understandable, considering. The others, though. Davos and the Red Woman helped a man murder his own brother with blood magic. And when Stannis paid for his crime, where were they? Already out looking for a leader with better prospects. And that wildling fellow with the beard --

SANSA: Jon isnt Tormund. Jon isnt Davos, the Red Woman, or Stannis for that matter. Jon is Jon. Hes my brother. Hell keep me safe. I trust him.

BRIENNE: Then why did you lie to him when he asked you how you learned about Riverrun?

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK - COURTYARD

Several men of the Nights Watch are readying horses. JON SNOW stands beside them. MELISANDRE sits on her horse behind them. BRIENNE walks past. SANSA approaches JON SNOW, carrying a bundled cloak.

JON SNOW: New dress?

SANSA: I made it myself. Do you like it?

JON SNOW: Year, its -- I like the wolf bit.

SANSA: Good, because I made this for you.

SANSA hands JON SNOW the cloak. JON SNOW looks at it. The direwolf sigil of House Stark is pressed into the leather straps.

SANSA: I made it like the one Father used to wear. As near as I can remember.

JON SNOW: Thank you, Sansa.

SANSA: Youre welcome.

SANSA walks away. BRIENNE is sitting on horseback beside TORMUND. TORMUND stares at her. She catches him staring and looks away. He grins. DOLOROUS EDD approaches JON SNOW, who is donning his new cloak.

JON SNOW: Dont knock it down while Im gone.

DOLOROUS EDD: Ill do my best.

They embrace.

DOLOROUS EDD: Good luck.

JON SNOW walks to his horse and climbs atop it. He leads SANSA, MELISANDRE, PODRICK, BRIENNE, TORMUND, and the rest of the party out through the southern gates. A man of the Nights Watch approaches DOLOROUS EDD, who is watching them leave.

MAN: Should we close the gate, Lord Commander?

DOLOROUS EDD: Im not the Lord Comman --

The men of the Nights Watch gather around DOLOROUS EDD.

DOLOROUS EDD: Yeah, ahem, close the bloody gate.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE
BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN are both having a vision. MEERA and HODOR are preparing for travel.

MEERA: We can go home now, Hodor. Well, maybe not home home, but somewhere that isnt a cave.

HODOR chuckles.

HODOR: Hodor.

MEERA: Eat something that isnt moss. I want an egg. How do you like em? Boiled? Fried up with some butter?

HODOR laughs.

HODOR: Hodor.

MEERA: With a rasher of bacon and some blood sausage.

HODOR: Hodor.

MEERA notices she can see her breath. She looks at BRAN and then runs to the entrance of the cave. LEAF and the other Children of the Forest are gathered outside. Across the field, the Night King, three White Walkers, and the army of the dead are gathered. The Night King steps forward, kneels, and places his hand on the ground. A rift cracks through the ice all across the field and into the Great Weirwood Tree.

LEAF: Get Bran and run!

MEERA runs back into the cave, retrieving a sword on the way back. The Night King unsheathes his blade and leads the White Walkers and the army of the dead towards the Great Weirwood. Inside, MEERA runs to BRAN and shakes him.

MEERA: Bran. Bran, wake up. Bran.

HODOR sits in the corner, rocking back and forth.

HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.

MEERA: Bran, wake up.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - WINTERFELL

BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN watch YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN embrace. BRAN smiles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE

MEERA hauls the sledge over to BRAN and tries to drag him onto it.

MEERA: Hodor.

HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.

MEERA: Help me!

Outside, LEAF and the Children of the Forest throw magic spheres at the army of the undead. The spheres explode upon contact, killing some of the wights. With one of the last bombs, LEAF lights a half-circle of flame in front of the entrance to the cave. She and the Children of the Forest run inside. The Night King and the White Walkers approach the flame. The flame parts to let them pass, then reforms. The army of the dead cannot pass through the flame. They go around it and climb the crag to the top of the Great Weirwood. Inside, MEERA places BRAN on the sledge.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - WINTERFELL

BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN continue to watch.

RICKARD (to YOUNG NED): Remember that you are a Stark. Comport yourself with dignity at the Vale and try to stay out of fights.

NAN walks over to YOUNG HODOR and takes his arm.

YOUNG NED: Yes, Father.

RICKARD takes YOUNG NED by the chin.

RICKARD: But if you have to fight, win.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE

MEERA continues shaking BRAN.

MEERA: Bran! Bran, wake up!

A wight falls through the ceiling. It advances on MEERA. MEERA grabs her sword and cuts it down. Another wight falls from the ceiling. MEERA recoils. SUMMER tackles it. MEERA drops her blade and returns to BRAN.

MEERA: Bran! Bran! Bran, wake up.

HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.

LEAF enters and runs up to BRAN and MEERA. A third wight falls from the ceiling, suspended upside down by its feet. LEAF rushes over to it and beheads it with her knife.

MEERA: You have to wake up. We need Hodor.

HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.

Another wight rushes, but LEAF shoots it with an arrow. A Child of the Forest enters to combat another wight, but the wight knocks her down and kills her. LEAF shoots it with an arrow.

HODOR: Hodor.

A number of wights begin piling in. LEAF and the Children of the Forest try to fight them off. One wight kills another Child of the Forest.

MEERA: Bran, were all going to die!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - WINTERFELL

BRAN hears MEERA shouting at him from the other side.

MEERA (V.O.): Bran, wake up! Were all going to die! Bran! Bran!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE

MEERA: Bran, you have to wake up! We need Hodor!

HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.

MEERA: Warg into Hodor now!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - WINTERFELL

BRAN looks at YOUNG HODOR and NAN.

MEERA (V.O.): Bran, wake up. We need Hodor. We need Hodor. Warg into Hodor now! Now!

THREE-EYED RAVEN: Listen to your friend, Brandon.

HODOR (V.O.): Hodor. Hodor. Hodor. Hodor.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - CAVE

HODORs eyes flash white. More wights enter the cave. One of them kills another Child of the Forest. MEERA cuts it down. Another Child of the Forest jumps forward and stabs another wight with a spear. HODOR stands and walks over to BRAN. A White Walker enters. The spear-bearing Child of the Forest lunges at it and stabs it in the chest, but the blow has no effect. The White Walker pushes the spear aside and stabs the Child of the Forest, killing her. HODOR lifts the sledge with BRAN atop it. MEERA grabs a dragonglass spear and launches it into the White Walkers neck. The White Walker shatters and dies. MEERA and LEAF follow HODOR towards the back entrance. SUMMER growls and bares his teeth at the wights entering the cave.

MEERA: Summer!

LEAF: Go. Go!

LEAF and MEERA run into the back tunnel. SUMMER attacks the wights. The wights encircle him and stab him to death. LEAF, MEERA, and HODOR hurry down the back tunnel. BRAN is still engaged in a vision on the sledge. A slew of wights pursues them. Back in the cave, the Night King enters and approaches the THREE-EYED RAVEN.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - WINTERFELL

THREE-EYED RAVEN: The time has come. Leave me.

Back in the Great Weirwood tree, the Night King slashes the THREE-EYED RAVEN. The THREE-EYED RAVEN dissolves into a black mist in front of BRAN.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - BACK TUNNEL

The undead army is advancing. LEAF stops running.

MEERA: What are you doing?

LEAF: Go!

LEAF turns to face the undead. She brandishes a magic bomb and primes it. The wights overtake her and knock her to the ground, stabbing her repeatedly. LEAF detonates the bomb, killing herself and the wights surrounding her. HODOR reaches the rear door. He puts down the sledge and begins ramming the door. More wights appear and begin advancing.

MEERA: Hodor, hurry!

HODOR heaves the door open and drags the sledge outside. He drops the sledge and returns to the door, holding it closed. MEERA lifts the sledge and begins dragging it away.

MEERA: Hold the door!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - WINTERFELL

BRAN turns and stares at YOUNG HODOR, who stares back at him.

MEERA (V.O.): Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door!

YOUNG HODORs eyes turn white. He falls to the ground and convulses.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - BACK ENTRANCE

HODOR puts his weight against the door.

MEERA: Hold the door!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - WINTERFELL

YOUNG HODOR continues convulsing.

MEERA (V.O.): Hold the door!

NAN: Wylis! Whats the matter?

NAN kneels down beside YOUNG HODOR. BRAN walks over to them.

MEERA (V.O.): Hold the door!

YOUNG HODOR: Hold the door!

In the present day, HODOR struggles against the door.

YOUNG HODOR: Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT WEIRWOOD TREE - BACK ENTRANCE

The wights begin to break through the door. They clutch HODORs clothing and begin tearing at his flesh.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: VISION OF THE PAST - WINTERFELL

YOUNG HODOR: Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold door! Hold door! Hold door! Hold door! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

EXT. RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT
Many men are performing various tasks pertaining to the construction of a church. Many women are preparing food.

MAN: Thats it. Get it to the top.

MAN #2: Steady. Steady.

BROTHER RAY is standing beneath the framing, addressing two men who are hoisting up a log.

RAY: Up she goes.

RAY turns to another man and slaps him on the back.

RAY: Hey, come on. Put your back into it, huh?

RAY walks a few paces away, grabs an ax, and lifts it up to a man standing on the church framing.

RAY: Here you are, son.

The man standing on the framing takes the ax. RAY turns to see two men carrying a log into the opening beneath the framing. He waves them in.

RAY: Oh, gentlemen, please.

RAY walks out from beneath the framing and addresses more men carrying logs.

RAY. And you lot, come on. Come on, get it moving. Come on, come on.

RAY hurries beneath one of the logs and laughs. He turns and looks up at the church framing, smiles, and nods. In a field a little ways off, more men are carrying larger logs towards the church framing. Four men carry each log. A man carrying one of these heavy logs by himself comes into view. He drops the log in front of the church framing and pants, then turns to look out over the landscape. The man is SANDOR CLEGANE, The Hound.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT OUTSKIRTS
SANDOR repeatedly swings an ax into a horizontal log. Woods chips fly everywhere. RAY walks up behind SANDOR.

RAY: In all my days Ive never seen a man swing an ax like that. How many men did it take to cut you down?

SANDOR: Just one.

RAY: Ooh. he must have been some kind of monster.

SANDOR sinks the ax into the log.

SANDOR: He was a woman.

RAY laughs. SANDOR continues chopping. RAY walks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT

A man standing beneath the church framing rings a bell. All of the men rush down off the church framing and father at the food stations. The women divvy out food. RAY pours a cup of water and walks among the people. They are all sitting down on the ground and eating. SANDOR is sitting on a rock away from everyone else, eating. RAY approaches him from behind and hands him the cup of water. SANDOR takes it.

RAY: I think some of the men are a bit afraid of you.

SANDOR: Im used to it.

SANDOR drinks the entire cup of water.

RAY: When I found you, I thought youd been dead for days. The way you were stinking already and you had bugs all over you and bone was coming through right there.

RAY sits down next to SANDOR and points at SANDORs right knee.

RAY: I was gonna give you a proper burial and then you coughed. Oh, nearly shit myself. I reckoned you were gonna die by the time I loaded you on the wagon, but you didnt. Now, I reckoned youd die a dozen more times over the next few days, but you didnt. What kept you going?

SANDOR pauses and stares ahead.

SANDOR: Hate.

SANDOR continues eating.

RAY: No, theres a reason youre still here.

SANDOR: Aye, theres a reason. Im a big fucker and Im tough to kill.

RAY: No, a reason. Gods arent done with you yet.

SANDOR smiles. RAY stands and walks a few paces away from SANDOR, then turns to face him.

SANDOR: Ive heard that before. Man was talking about a different god, though.

RAY: Well, maybe he was right. I dont know much about the gods.

SANDOR: Youre in the wrong line of work.

RAY: Oh, theres plenty of pious sons of bitches who think they know the word of god or gods. I dont. I dont even know their real names. Maybe it is the Seven. Or maybe its the old gods. Or maybe its the Lord of Light. Or maybe theyre all the same fucking thing. I dont know. What matters, I believe, is that theres something greater than us. And whatever it is, its got plans for Sandor Clegane.

SANDOR stops eating and stares up at RAY. RAY nods at him.

SANDOR: You didnt know me back in my time. You dont know the things Ive done.

RAY: Ive heard stories.

SANDOR: If the gods are real...why havent they punished me?

RAY: They have.

RAY walks away. SANDOR stares out across the fields.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - PRAYER ROOM
MARGAERY is reading from the Book of the Seven. She is wearing a crown. The HIGH SPARROW enters.

HIGH SPARROW: Your Grace. What are we reading today?

MARGAERY: The Book of the Mother, Your Holiness. Chapter three, verse 12.

HIGH SPARROW: Ah, As water rounds the stones, smoothing- -

MARGAERY: Smoothing what was jagged, so does a womans love calm a mans brute nature. A wife salves her husbands wounds, a mother sings her son to sleep.

HIGH SPARROW: You learn quickly. There are some who know every verse of the sacred text, but dont have a drop of the Mothers mercy in their blood and savages who cant read at all who understand the Fathers wisdom.

MARGAERY: For year I pretended to love the poor, the afflicted. I had pity for them, but I never loved them. They disgusted me.

HIGH SPARROW: They are hard to love.

The HIGH SPARROW sits down on a bench.

HIGH SPARROW: The poor disgust us because they are us, shorn of our illusions. They show us what wed look like without our fine clothes. Howd we smell without perfume.

The HIGH SPARROW sighs.

HIGH SPARROW: Can I ask you about a personal matter?

MARGAERY: Of course.

MARGAERY sits on the bench beside the HIGH SPARROW.

HIGH SPARROW: The king mentioned that since your reunion, you havent joined him in the marriage bed.

MARGAERY: No.

HIGH SPARROW: You have a duty, Your Grace. To your husband, your king, your country, to the gods themselves.

MARGAERY: Its just...the desires that once drove me no longer do.

HIGH SPARROW: Congress does not require desire on the womans part, only patience. The king must have an heir if we are to continue our good work.

MARGAERY: Forgive me. Sometimes the truth path is hard to find.

HIGH SPARROW: Hard to find and harder still to walk upon. But youve made great progress. I only pray your grandmother follows your lead.

The HIGH SPARROW stands.

MARGAERY: My grandmother?

HIGH SPARROW: Yes. The Queen of Thorns is a remarkable woman, a strong woman, and an unrepentant sinner. You must teach her the new way as she taught you the old. Or I fear for her safety, body and soul.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - OLENNAS CHAMBER

MARGAERY and OLENNA are sitting at a table. SEPTA UNELLA stands several feet away, watching them.

OLENNA: Does it move or talk? I want to speak with you alone.

MARGAERY: Septa Unella has been my true friend and counselor.

OLENNA stands.

OLENNA: Oh, this is madness!

OLENNA takes MARGAERYs hand and leads her out onto the balcony to a different table. SEPTA UNELLA follows them out. MARGAERY sits at the table.

OLENNA (to SEPTA UNELLA): Youre not in your sanctuary now, my dear. All I have to do is whistle and my men will stroll in here and bash you about...

MARGAERY: Grandmother.

OLENNA: ...until I tell them to stop. If I tell them to stop. You could use a good bashing.

MARGAERY: Grandmother, please.

OLENNA sits across from MARGAERY.

OLENNA: What have they done to you?

MARGAERY: You marched against the High Sparrow, against the Faith.

OLENNA: We marched for you.

MARGAERY: The gods could have punished you and Father, but they didnt. They showed mercy.

OLENNA: And what about your brother? What mercy did they show him?

MARGAERY: Lorass only hope is to confess his crimes and repent. If he does, the Faith will allow him to return to Highgarden. Hell have to renounce his name and title...

OLENNA: Have you lost your mind?

MARGAERY: ...and live his life as a penitent.

OLENNA: He is the heir to Highgarden, the future of House Tyrell.


MARGAERY: He can begin again.

OLENNA: As a mindless fanatic.

MARGAERY: As a free man.

OLENNA: You will leave for Highgarden today. There is no law that says you must stay here.

MARGAERY stands.

MARGAERY: I am the queen. It is my duty to serve my husband the king.

MARGAERY walks around the table and kneels before OLENNA. Her back is to SEPTA UNELLA.

MARGAERY: But you should leave, Grandmother. Your place is at home.

OLENNA: I will never leave you. Never.

MARGAERY: You must.

MARGAERY slips a piece of paper into OLENNAs hand. MARGAERYs eyes widen.

MARGAERY: Go home. Find comfort in prayer and good works.

MARGAERY stands.

MARGAERY: The Mother watches over us all.

OLENNA stands.

OLENNA: Ill see you soon, my dear.

MARGAERY and OLENNA embrace. MARGAERY closes her eyes and then steps back.

MARGAERY: Seven blessings to you, Grandmother.

OLENNA nods and walks back into her chamber. MARGAERY stifles tears. She regains her composure and turns to face SEPTA UNELLA.

MARGAERY: Shall we pray?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - OLENNAS CHAMBER INNER BALCONY

OLENNA walks out onto the balcony and shuts the door behind her. She looks around and then unfolds the piece of paper MARGAERY placed in her hand and looks at it. There is a drawing of a rose on it. OLENNA looks up and smiles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. SOUTH OF THE WALL - WILDLING ENCAMPMENT
JON SNOW, SANSA, DAVOS, TORMUND, and WUN WUN are meeting with DIM DALBA and the other Wildling leaders. They are all gathered around a fire pit.

DIM DALBA: We said wed fight with you, King Crow, when the time comes and we meant it, but this isnt what we agreed to. These arent White Walkers. This isnt an army of the dead. This isnt our find.

TORMUND: If it werent for him, none of us would be here. All of you would be meat in the Night Kings army. And Id be a pile of charred bones just like Mance.

DIM DALBA: Remember Mances camp? It stretched all the way to the horizon. And look at us now. Look whats left of us. And if we lose this, were gone. Dozens of tribes, hundreds of generations. Be like we were never there at all. Well be the last of the free folk.

JON SNOW: Thats whatll happen to you if we lose. The Boltons, the Karstarks, the Umbers, they know youre here. They know that more than half of you are women and children. After they finish with me, theyll come for you. Youre right. This isnt your fight. You shouldnt have to come to Winterfell with me. I shouldnt be asking you. Its not the deal we made. I need you with me if were gonna beat them, and we need to beat them if youre going to survive.

TORMUND gestures to JON SNOW.

TORMUND: The crows killed him because he spoke for the free folk when no other southerners would. He died for us. If we are not willing to do the same for him, were cowards. And if thats what we are, we deserve to be the last of the free folk.

WUN WUN stands.

WUN WUN: Snow.

WUN WUN walks away. DIM DALBA looks at the men around him. One of them nods. DIM DALBA walks up to JON SNOW and holds out his hand. JON takes it. DIM DALBA returns to his men.

JON SNOW (to TORMUND): Are you sure theyll come?

TORMUND: Were not clever like you southerners. When we say well do something, we do it.

JON SNOW exhales.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. RED KEEP - OLENNAS CHAMBER
OLENNA is sitting at a table, writing. CERSEI enters with GREGOR in tow.

CERSEI: I heard you were leaving Kings Landing.

OLENNA: That is hardly your concern.

CERSEI: Your grandson is still a prisoner. Youll leave him rotting in a cell?

OLENNA: Loras rots in a cell because of you. THe High Sparrow rules this city because of you. Our two ancient houses face collapse because of you and your stupidity.

CERSEI: Youre right. I made a terrible mistake. I carry it with me every single day.

OLENNA: Good.

CERSEI: I delivered an army of fanatics onto our doorstep. And now we must fight them together. We need each other.

OLENNA: I wonder if youre the worst person Ive ever met. At a certain age, its hard to recall. But the truly vile do stand out through the years. Do you remember the way you smirked at me when my grandson and granddaughter were dragged off to their cells? I do. Ill never forget it.

CERSEI: You love your granddaughter. I love my son. Its the only truth I know. We must defend them.

OLENNA: Im leaving this wretched city as fast as I can before that shoeless zealot throws me into one of his cells. If youre half as bright as you think you are, youll find your way out of here, too.

CERSEI: Never. Ill never leave my son.

OLENNA: Whatll you do, then? You have no support. Not anymore. Your brothers gone. The High Sparrow saw to that. The rest of your family have abandoned you. The people despise you. Youre surrounded by enemies, thousands of them. Youre going to kill them all by yourself? Youve lost, Cersei. Its the only joy I can find in all this misery.

OLENNA goes back to writing.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERRUN - OUTSKIRTS
A Lannister army approaches Riverrun led by JAIME and BRONN. JAIME and BRONN stop their horses on a hill and look out at the encampment of Freys at the foot of Riverrun.

MAN: Pick the pace up. Keep going.

MAN #2: Keep it moving!

BRONN: Now, that is a sorry attempt at a siege. Someone needs to teach those sad twats how to dig trenches.

JAIME: Someone certainly does.

JAIME looks at BRONN.

BRONN: Oh, no. Not me. Im just an upjumped sellsword.

JAIME: Youre an anointed knight. Theres quite a difference.

BRONN: Aye, knights dont get paid.

JAIME: You have better instincts than any officer in the Lannister army.

BRONN: Thats like saying I have a bigger cock than anyone in the Unsullied army.

JAIME: I expect to command all the Lannister forces before long. You can be the right hand I lost.

BRONN: You promised me a lordship and a castle and a highborn beauty for a wife.

JAIME: And youll get all three. A Lannister always- -

BRONN: Dont say it. Dont fucking say it.

BRONN ushers his horse onwards.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERRUN - FREY ENCAMPMENT

JAIME and BRONN lead a group of Lannister soldiers through the encampment. Some Frey men gather around and stare at them. LOTHAR is standing at the foot of Riverrun, shouting up at the castle walls. BLACK WALDER is behind him, standing on a makeshift hangmans platform. EDMURE is also on the platform with a noose around his neck. JAIME and BRONN watch them.

LOTHAR: Come out and fight us, Blackfish. Yield the castle or well hang him.

BRYNDEN TULLY, the Blackfish, walks along Riverruns castle wall and comes to a stop in front of an arrowslit. He stares out at LOTHAR, BLACK WALDER, and EDMURE.

LOTHAR: This is your last warning. Yield the castle.

LOTHAR looks back at BLACK WALDER. BLACK WALDER takes the noose off of EDMUREs neck and draws a knife.

BLACK WALDER: You think I wont do it, old man?

BLACK WALDER holds the knife to EDMUREs neck.

BLACK WALDER: I sliced your nieces throat from ear to ear. And where were you? Running and hiding like a fucking coward. Yield the castle or I cut his throat.

BRYNDEN: Go on, then. Cut his throat.

BRYNDEN walks away. LOTHAR looks at BLACK WALDER and shrugs. BLACK WALDER takes the knife away from EDMUREs neck. Some Frey men take EDMURE away. JAIME, BRONN, and the Lannister army advance towards LOTHAR and BLACK WALDER, and stop in front of them.

JAIME: Lothar, is it?

LOTHAR: Ser Jaime. We didnt know you were coming.

JAIME: Cause you didnt set up a proper perimeter. You just allowed 8,000 men to approach unchallenged.

BRONN: Good thing were friends or wed be fucking you in the ass right now.

JAIME: Have Lord Edmure bathed and fed.

BLACK WALDER waves at the Frey men escorting EDMURE.

BLACK WALDER: Whoa, whoa.

The Frey men stop walking. BLACK WALDER approaches JAIME.

LOTHAR: Walder.

LOTHAR puts his hand out to stop BLACK WALDER, but BLACK WALDER pushes him away. BLACK WALDER walks up to JAIME.

BLACK WALDER: Edmure is a prisoner of House Frey.

JAIME looks BLACK WALDER up and down.

JAIME: Only a fool makes threats hes not prepared to carry out. Now lets say I threatened to hit you unless you shut your mouth, but you kept talking. What do you think Id do?

BLACK WALDER: I dont give a rats- -

JAIME hits BLACK WALDER across the face with his gold hand. BLACK WALDER staggers back beside LOTHAR.

JAIME: Im here by the kings command to take back this castle. Have him bathed and fed. Unless youd like to take his place.

LOTHAR: Apologies, Ser Jaime.

LOTHAR waves at the Frey men escorting EDMURE.

LOTHAR: Do as he says.

JAIME: The siege is now under my command. The next time the Blackfish looks out from those ramparts, hell see an army at his gates, not whatever this is.

BRONN: Have your lads start digging perimeter trenches. Set pickets every hundred yards. And work double-time on those siege towers and trebuchets.

BLACK WALDER: Those are our siege towers- -

JAIME: As I said, the siege is under my command. If thats not to your liking, go home.

LOTHAR and BLACK WALDER walk away. BRONN walks up behind JAIME.

JAIME: Get word to the Blackfish. I want a parley.

BRONN: A parley or a fight?

JAIME: Hes an old man.

BRONN: Youve got one hand. My moneys on the old boy.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BEAR ISLAND
The castle of House Mormont sits atop a high hill. Waterfalls pour out below. A bird screeches.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BEAR ISLAND - CASTLE AUDIENCE CHAMBER

LYANNA MORMONT sits at a high table flanked by a commander and a maester. JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS enter. Some guards close the doors behind them.

JON SNOW: Lady Mormont.

LYANNA: Welcome to Bear Island.

JON SNOW looks at SANSA.

SANSA: I remember when you were born, my lady. You were named for my Aunt Lyanna. It was said she was a great beauty. Im sure you will be, too.

LYANNA: I doubt it. My mother wasnt a great beauty or any other kind of beauty. She was a great warrior, though. She died fighting for your brother, Robb.

JON SNOW: I served under your uncle at Castle Black, Lady Lyanna. He was also a great warrior and an honorable man. I was his steward. In fact- -

LYANNA: I think weve had enough small talk. What are you here?

JON SNOW: Stannis Baratheon garrisoned at Castle Black before he marched on Winterfell and was killed. He showed me the letter you wrote to him when he petitioned for men. It said- -

LYANNA: I remember what it said. Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North whose name is Stark.

JON SNOW: Robb is gone, but House Stark is not. And it needs your support now more than ever. Ive come with my sister to ask for House Mormonts allegiance.

LYANNA leans towards her maester. They whisper to each other. LYANNA turns back to face JON SNOW.

LYANNA: As far as I understand, youre a Snow and Lady Sansa is a Bolton. Or is she a Lannister? Ive heard conflicting reports.

SANSA: I did what I had to do to survive, my lady. But I am a Stark. I will always be a Stark.

LYANNA: If you say so. In any case, you dont just want my allegiance. You want my fighting men.

JON SNOW: Ramsay Bolton cannot be allowed to keep Winterfell, my lady. It is our duty to stop him. Even more so because he holds our brother Rickon Stark as prisoner. What you have to understand, my lady, is that- -

LYANNA: I understand that Im responsible for Bear Island and all who live here. So why should I sacrifice one more Mormont life for someone elses war?

JON SNOW and SANSA fall silent. DAVOS steps forward.

DAVOS: If it please, my lady, I understand how you feel.

LYANNA: I dont know you, Ser?

DAVOS: Davos, my lady, of House Seaworth.

LYANNA turns to her maester.

DAVOS: You neednt ask your maester about my house. Its rather new.

LYANNA settles back into her chair.

LYANNA: All right, Ser Davos of House Seaworth. How is it you understand how I feel?

DAVOS: You never thought youd find yourself in your position. Being responsible for so many lives at such a young age. I never thought Id be in my position. I was a crabbers son, then I was a smuggler. And now I found myself addressing the lady of a great house in time of war. But Im here because this isnt someone elses war. Its our war.

LYANNA: Go on, Ser Davos.

DAVOS: Your uncle, Lord Commander Mormont, made that man his steward. He chose Jon to be his successor because he knew had the courage to do what was right, even if it meant giving his life. Because Jeor Mormont and Jon Snow both understood that the real war isnt between a few squabbling houses. Its between the living and the dead. And make no mistake, my lady, the dead are coming.

LYANNA: Is this true?

JON SNOW nods.

JON SNOW: Your uncle fought them at the Fist of the First Men. I fought them at Hardhome. We both lost.

DAVOS: As long as the Boltons hold Winterfell, the North is divided. And a divided North wont stand a chance against the Night King. You want to protect your people, my lady. I understand. But theres no hiding from this. We have to fight and we need to do it together.

LYANNAs maester leans over to whisper in her ear, but she waves him away.

LYANNA: House Mormont has kept faith with House Stark for 1,000 years. We will not break faith today.

JON SNOW: Thank you, my lady. How many fighting men can we expect?


LYANNA leans to her military commander and they whisper to each other.

LYANNA: 62.

JON SNOW: 62?

LYANNA: We are not a large house, but were a proud one. And every man from Bear Island fights with the strength of 10 mainlanders.

DAVOS: If theyre half as ferocious as their lady, the Boltons are doomed.

LYANNA smiles and nods.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERRUN - LANNISTER ENCAMPMENT
JAIME is on horseback, galloping through the encampment. He is accompanied by a bannerman and a regiment of foot soldiers. When he reaches the bridge leading to Riverruns castle, he dismounts his horse and walks across it. He stands at the foot of the bridge and stares down into the water. Above, several Tully soldiers notch their crossbows and point them at him through arrowslits. The drawbridge lowers. BRYNDEN stands on the other side, accompanied by a regiment of Tully soldiers. BRYNDEN walks out across the drawbridge alone and approaches JAIME.

BRYNDEN: Kingslayer.

JAIME: Blackfish.

BRYNDEN: I assume youre here to fulfill the vow you gave my niece. I dont see Sansa and Arya.

JAIME: I dont have them.

BRYNDEN: Pity. Do you wish to resume your captivity?

JAIME shakes his head.

BRYNDEN: Then why are you here?

JAIME: You know why Im here. This castle belongs to House Frey. Youre trespassing. In the name of King Tommen, I order you to surrender or- -

BRYNDEN: Or youll kill Edmure?

BRYNDEN walks past JAIME.

BRYNDEN: My nephews marked for death no matter what. Hang him and be done with it.

JAIME: It wont stop with Edmure. Youll force me to storm the castle. Hundreds will die.

BRYNDEN: Hundreds of mine. Thousands of yours. If you can breach the walls.

JAIME positions himself beside BRYNDEN.

JAIME: Well breach them and kill every last one of you. But if you surrender, Ill spare the lives of your men. On my honor.

BRYNDEN: Your honor? Bargaining with oathbreakers is like building on quicksand.

JAIME: The war is over, ser. Why sacrifice living men to a lost cause?

BRYNDEN turns to face JAIME and walks close to him.

BRYNDEN: As long as Im standing, the war is not over. This is my home. I was born in this castle and Im ready to die in it. So you can either attack or try to starve us out. We have enough provisions for two years. Do you have two years, Kingslayer?

BRYNDEN walks past JAIME and continues back across the drawbridge.

JAIME: You clearly have no intention of saving your mens lives. Why did you come to treat with me?

BRYNDEN turns back to face JAIME.

BRYNDEN: Sieges are dull. And I wanted to see you in person, get the measure of you.

JAIME: Well, now you have.

BRYNDEN: Aye, now I have. Im disappointed.

BRYNDEN turns around and walks back inside the castle. The drawbridge begins to close. JAIME scrunches up his face, turns around, and walks back across the bridge.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. DEEPWOOD MOTTE - COURTYARD
JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS are meeting with ROBETT GLOVER. Several men serving under ROBETT stand in attendance.

ROBETT: The answer is no.

JON SNOW: Lord Glover, if you could just hear us out.

ROBETT: Ive heard enough. Weve only just taken back this castle from the Ironborn. The Boltons helped us do it. Now you want me to fight against them? I could be skinned for even talking to you.

JON SNOW: The Boltons are traitors. Roose Bolton- -

ROBETT: Have other northern houses pledged to fight for you?

JON SNOW: House Mormont.

ROBETT: And?

JON SNOW: We sent raven to Houses Manderly- -

ROBETT: I dont care about ravens. Youre asking me to join your army. Who is fighting in this army?

JON SNOW: The bulk of the force is made up of wildlings.

ROBETT laughs.

ROBETT: Then the rumors are true. I didnt dare believe them. I received you out of respect for your father. Now I would like you to leave. House Glover will not abandon its ancestral home to fight alongside wildlings.

ROBETT turns around and heads up the stairs towards a door attended by his men.

JON SNOW: Lord Glover.

ROBETT: Theres nothing else to say.

SANSA: I would remind you that House Glover is pledged to House Stark. Sworn to answer when called upon.

JON SNOW glares at SANSA. ROBETT turns on his heel and walks up close to SANSA.

ROBETT: Yes, my family served House Stark for centuries. We wept when we heard of your fathers death. When my brother was lord of this castle, he answered Robbs call and hailed him King in the North.

ROBETT gets closer to SANSA.

ROBETT: And where was King Robb when the Ironborn attacked this castle? When they threw my wife and children in prison and brutalized and killed our subjects? Taking up with a foreign whore. Getting himself and those who followed him killed.

ROBETT looks at JON SNOW and then back at SANSA.

ROBETT: I served House Stark once, but House Stark is dead.

ROBETT turns, climbs the stairs to the door, and walks through it. SANSA and JON SNOW look down.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. LONG BRIDGE OF VOLANTIS - BAY
Many boats bearing the sigil of House Greyjoy on their sails are docked in the bay near the Long Bridge. Chatter and laughter can be heard from the Long Bridge.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: LONG BRIDGE OF VOLANTIS - BAR

Many Ironborn men are communing with prostitutes. THEON sits at a table alone, looking back at forth at them. YARA sits down at his table accompanied by a prostitute. She and the prostitute kiss at length. THEON does not look at them.

THEON: Why did we have to come here?

YARA: Some of us still like it. Have a drink at least.

THEON: I dont want one.

YARA sighs and turns back to the prostitute..

YARA: Dont go far, love.

YARA kisses the prostitutes breast.

YARA: Ill find you in a bit.

The prostitute stands. YARA kisses her backside and then slaps it. The prostitute giggles and runs away. YARA laughs and grabs a drink.

YARA: Nothing on the Iron Islands has an ass like that. Doesnt interest you anymore?

THEON scrunches up his face.

YARA: Im sorry. I wont joke about it. Ill never hurt you, little brother. Dont you know that?

YARA pours herself another drink.

THEON: You think Uncle Eurons hunting for us?

YARA: Of course he is. As long as were alive, were a threat.

THEON: Hell find us.

YARA: Its a great big world and we have fast ships. Drink.

THEON: I dont want any.

YARA: I dont care what you want. Drink.

THEON takes a small sip of his drink.

YARA: Drink it all.

THEON drinks deeper.

YARA: Youre Ironborn, Theon. I know youve had some bad years.

THEON: Some bad years?

YARA: But Im tired of watching you cower like a beat dog. Drink the goddamn ale.

THEON takes another deep drink.

YARA: Now listen to me. I need you. The real Theon Greyjoy, not this rat shit pretender. Can you find him for me? Drink.

THEON drinks more deeply..

YARA: You escaped, do you hear me? You got away and youre never going back. Well get justice for you.

THEON: If I got justice, my burnt body would hang over the gates of Winterfell.

YARA: Fuck justice, then. Well get revenge. Drink.

THEON downs the rest of his ale. YARA moves closer to THEON.

YARA: Listen to me. If youre so broken that theres no coming back, take a knife and cut your wrists. End it. But if youre staying, Theon, I need you. Were gonna sail to Meereen. Were gonna make a pact with this Dragon Queen. And were gonna take back the Iron Islands.

YARA places her hand on the back of THEONs neck.

YARA: Are you with me? Are you really with me?

THEON slowly raises his head up and locks eyes with YARA. He nods. YARA smiles and kisses his forehead.

YARA: Now, since its my last night ashore for a long while, Im gonna go fuck the tits off this one.

YARA stands, pats THEON on the back, walks over to the prostitute she was communing with earlier, and takes her hand. THEON stares blankly to the side.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. NORTHERN WILDERNESS - STARK ENCAMPMENT
JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS are riding horses through the encampment.

DAVOS: Stannis camped here on his way to Winterfell.

SANSA: And thats a good thing?

DAVOS: He was the most experienced commander in Westeros. He chose this place for a reason. Those mountains are a natural fortification. Theres a stream down there for the horses.

JON SNOW: Were not staying here long. Another storm could hit any day..

DAVOS: Aye, the snows defeated Stannis as much as the Boltons did.

JON SNOW: We have to march on Winterfell now while we still can.

They all dismount their horses and begin walking side by side.

DAVOS: 2,000 Wildlings. 200 Hornwoods, 143 Mazins- -

SANSA: 62 Mormonts.

DAVOS: Its not what wed hoped for. But we still have a chance if were careful and smart.

DAVOS spots two men fighting.

DAVOS: For fucks sake.

DAVOS hurries over to the men. JON SNOW and SANSA watch him go and then continue walking.

SANSA: So hes your most trusted advisor now? Because he secured 62 men from a ten year old?

JON SNOW: Ser Davos is the reason Im standing here talking to you and he served Stannis for years.

SANSA: Stannis who lost the Blackwater, who murdered his own brother, who doesnt have a head?

SANSA stops walking. JON keeps walking a few paces and then turns to face her.

SANSA: Its not enough. We need more men.

JON SNOW: Theres no time.

SANSA: If we went down to Castle Cerwyn, I know that Lord- -

JON SNOW moves close to SANSA.

JON SNOW: We fight with the army we have.

JON SNOW looks over SANSAs shoulder at DAVOS. He is standing in front of the fighting men, who are wrestling on the ground.

DAVOS: Friends, this is not worth fighting over!

JON SNOW walks past SANSA and away.

DAVOS: Thisll be it, now. Right now, we dont need to be fighting.

One of the men gets in DAVOS face.

MAN: Who the fuck are you?

DAVOS: Hold on.

MAN #2: Yeah, who the fuck are you?

SANSA spies the maester of Bear Island handling some crates containing ravens. He holds up one of the crates to LYANNA MORMONT.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: NORTHERN WILDERNESS - STARK ENCAMPMENT TENT

SANSA is writing a letter. She signs her name, pours wax, and presses the wax with the direwolf sigil of House Stark. She picks up the letter and rereads it, then stares ahead.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT
All of RAYs followers are gathered together in a circle. RAY is standing in the center, speaking to them all. SANDOR stands at the far end of the flock, behind everyone else. The church framing stands on a hill in the background.

RAY: I was a soldier once. All my superiors thought I was brave. I wasnt. I mean, I never ran from a fight. Only because I was afraid my friends would see I was afraid. Thats all I was, a coward. We followed orders no matter the orders. Burn that village. Fine, Im your arsonist. Steal that farmers crops. Good, Im your thief. Kill those young lads so they wont take up arms against us. Im your murderer. I remember once a woman screaming at us, calling us animals as we dragged her son from their hut. But we werent animals. Animals are true to their nature and we had betrayed ours. I cut that young boys throat myself as his mother screamed and my friends held her back.

RAY sits down on a stump next to one of the men and rests his arm on the mans shoulder.

RAY: That night...I felt such shame. Shame was so heavy on me, I couldnt eat, I couldnt sleep.

SANDOR looks down.

RAY: All I could do was stare into that dark sky and listen to that mother screaming her sons name. Ill hear her screaming the rest of my life.

RAY stands and walks back to the center of the circle.

RAY: Now, I know I can never bring that lad back. All I can do with time Ive got left is bring a little goodness into the world. Thats all any of us can do, isnt it? Never too late to stop robbing people, to stop killing people. Start helping people.

RAY stares at SANDOR.

RAY: Its never too late to come back.

SANDOR returns RAYs gaze but is distracted by three horsemen coming up the way. RAY turns to look at them. SANDOR walks a few paces into the midst of RAYs followers and stares at the riders.

RAY: And its not about waiting for the gods to answer your prayers. Its not even about the gods. Its about you. Learning you have to answer your prayers yourself.

The three riders reach the group and stop. RAY walks out to meet them. All of RAYs followers stand. The riders are FLYNN, MORGAN, and LEM LEMONCLOAK.

RAY: Seven save you, friends. How can we help you?

LEM: What are you doing here?

RAY: Well, were talking about life. You?

LEM: Protecting the people.

RAY: Well, we thank you for your protection. Who are you protecting us from?

LEM: Do you have any horses?

RAY: No horses. No gold. No steel.

LEM: Food, then. Protecting the people is hungry work.

RAY: Im sure it is. Youre welcome to stay for supper, but we have hungry mouths here.

LEM: Stay safe. The night is dark and full of terrors.

LEM smiles. The three riders turn the horses around and ride off. SANDOR watches them leave.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT OUTSKIRTS

SANDOR is splitting wood with an ax on a chopping block. RAY walks up the path. SANDOR sees him coming but continues chopping.

SANDOR: Seven save you, friends.

RAY: Im a fucking septon. What was I supposed to say?

SANDOR: They dont believe in your Seven. Theyre from the Brotherhood. They follow the Red God.

RAY: Aye, well, all are welcome here. Anyway, we got nothing for them.

SANDOR stops chopping.

SANDOR: Sure, you do. Youve got food, youve got steel even if you say you dont. And youve got women.

RAY: What do you want to do? Fight them? Kill them?

SANDOR shrugs and sighs.

RAY: Itd be you against all of them. I mean, these people dont know how to fight.

SANDOR: You do.

RAY: Im done with fighting.

SANDOR: Even if its to protect yourself?

RAY: Violence is a disease. You dont cure a disease by spreading it to more people.

SANDOR: You dont cure it by dying, either.

SANDOR resumes chopping.

RAY: Youve done enough work for one day. Come on up for some supper.

RAY starts back up the path.

SANDOR: Its gonna be a cold night. Well need firewood.

RAY: Ill save you a bowl of stew. Might even have some ale hidden away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS - MARKETPLACE
People of all sorts line the streets. ARYA walks among them with her hands behind her back. She encounters two men sitting across from each other at a small table.

MAN: Hes not a lying man. He says the Iron Fleets in Slavers Bay. Im inclined to believe him. Im not going anywhere near those mad fuckers.

ARYA walks up beside the men and addressing the one who was speaking.

ARYA: Youre Westerosi.

MAN: What do you care?

ARYA: I want to book passage home.

The man laughs.

MAN: You? Cant afford it.

ARYA tosses a bag of coins on the table in front of the man. The man opens it and pulls out some coins.

MAN: Whered you steal this from?

ARYA: Why do you care?

MAN: We leave in two days. You can have a hammock in steerage.

ARYA throws another bag of coins on the table.

ARYA: I want a cabin. And well leave at dawn.

ARYA walks past the man and grabs the coin purses off the table on the way.

ARYA: See you at sunrise.

ARYA walks onto a bridge and stops to stare out at the Titan. An old woman approaches her.

WOMAN: Sweet girl.

ARYA turns to face the old woman. The old woman draws a blade and slashes ARYA across the stomach. She grabs ARYA by the neck and holds her tight to her body, the stabs ARYA severl times in the stomach and twists the blade. With her free hand, she reaches up and pulls off her face, revealing she is the WAIF in disguise. ARYA headbutss the WAIF, pushes her, and then runs and jumps off the opposite side of the bridge, plummeting into the water. The WAIF rushes to the side of the bridge ARYA jumped off and stares into the water. Bubbles and blood rise to the surface. The WAIF straightens her shirt and walks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BRAAVOS - MARKETPLACE SHORE

ARYA bursts through the surface of the water, gasping. She pulls herself up onto some steps , turns onto her back, and clutches her bleeding stomach.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BRAAVOS - MARKETPLACE

ARYA stumbles through the crowd, clutching her bleeding stomach and shivering. She looks from face to face. Everyone stares at her blankly.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT WOODS
SANDOR is chopping a branch with a machete. He tosses the machete down and takes a drink of water, then hears people screaming and runs through the woods.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT

The dead bodies of RAYs followers are strewn all over the ground. SANDOR walks among them. He approaches the church framing. RAY is hanging by the neck from the framing, dead. SANDOR looks up at him and sighs. He walks to a nearby stump and retrieves an ax.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

EXT. RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT
Many men are performing various tasks pertaining to the construction of a church. Many women are preparing food.

MAN: Thats it. Get it to the top.

MAN #2: Steady. Steady.

BROTHER RAY is standing beneath the framing, addressing two men who are hoisting up a log.

RAY: Up she goes.

RAY turns to another man and slaps him on the back.

RAY: Hey, come on. Put your back into it, huh?

RAY walks a few paces away, grabs an ax, and lifts it up to a man standing on the church framing.

RAY: Here you are, son.

The man standing on the framing takes the ax. RAY turns to see two men carrying a log into the opening beneath the framing. He waves them in.

RAY: Oh, gentlemen, please.

RAY walks out from beneath the framing and addresses more men carrying logs.

RAY. And you lot, come on. Come on, get it moving. Come on, come on.

RAY hurries beneath one of the logs and laughs. He turns and looks up at the church framing, smiles, and nods. In a field a little ways off, more men are carrying larger logs towards the church framing. Four men carry each log. A man carrying one of these heavy logs by himself comes into view. He drops the log in front of the church framing and pants, then turns to look out over the landscape. The man is SANDOR CLEGANE, The Hound.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT OUTSKIRTS
SANDOR repeatedly swings an ax into a horizontal log. Woods chips fly everywhere. RAY walks up behind SANDOR.

RAY: In all my days Ive never seen a man swing an ax like that. How many men did it take to cut you down?

SANDOR: Just one.

RAY: Ooh. he must have been some kind of monster.

SANDOR sinks the ax into the log.

SANDOR: He was a woman.

RAY laughs. SANDOR continues chopping. RAY walks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT

A man standing beneath the church framing rings a bell. All of the men rush down off the church framing and father at the food stations. The women divvy out food. RAY pours a cup of water and walks among the people. They are all sitting down on the ground and eating. SANDOR is sitting on a rock away from everyone else, eating. RAY approaches him from behind and hands him the cup of water. SANDOR takes it.

RAY: I think some of the men are a bit afraid of you.

SANDOR: Im used to it.

SANDOR drinks the entire cup of water.

RAY: When I found you, I thought youd been dead for days. The way you were stinking already and you had bugs all over you and bone was coming through right there.

RAY sits down next to SANDOR and points at SANDORs right knee.

RAY: I was gonna give you a proper burial and then you coughed. Oh, nearly shit myself. I reckoned you were gonna die by the time I loaded you on the wagon, but you didnt. Now, I reckoned youd die a dozen more times over the next few days, but you didnt. What kept you going?

SANDOR pauses and stares ahead.

SANDOR: Hate.

SANDOR continues eating.

RAY: No, theres a reason youre still here.

SANDOR: Aye, theres a reason. Im a big fucker and Im tough to kill.

RAY: No, a reason. Gods arent done with you yet.

SANDOR smiles. RAY stands and walks a few paces away from SANDOR, then turns to face him.

SANDOR: Ive heard that before. Man was talking about a different god, though.

RAY: Well, maybe he was right. I dont know much about the gods.

SANDOR: Youre in the wrong line of work.

RAY: Oh, theres plenty of pious sons of bitches who think they know the word of god or gods. I dont. I dont even know their real names. Maybe it is the Seven. Or maybe its the old gods. Or maybe its the Lord of Light. Or maybe theyre all the same fucking thing. I dont know. What matters, I believe, is that theres something greater than us. And whatever it is, its got plans for Sandor Clegane.

SANDOR stops eating and stares up at RAY. RAY nods at him.

SANDOR: You didnt know me back in my time. You dont know the things Ive done.

RAY: Ive heard stories.

SANDOR: If the gods are real...why havent they punished me?

RAY: They have.

RAY walks away. SANDOR stares out across the fields.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - PRAYER ROOM
MARGAERY is reading from the Book of the Seven. She is wearing a crown. The HIGH SPARROW enters.

HIGH SPARROW: Your Grace. What are we reading today?

MARGAERY: The Book of the Mother, Your Holiness. Chapter three, verse 12.

HIGH SPARROW: Ah, As water rounds the stones, smoothing- -

MARGAERY: Smoothing what was jagged, so does a womans love calm a mans brute nature. A wife salves her husbands wounds, a mother sings her son to sleep.

HIGH SPARROW: You learn quickly. There are some who know every verse of the sacred text, but dont have a drop of the Mothers mercy in their blood and savages who cant read at all who understand the Fathers wisdom.

MARGAERY: For year I pretended to love the poor, the afflicted. I had pity for them, but I never loved them. They disgusted me.

HIGH SPARROW: They are hard to love.

The HIGH SPARROW sits down on a bench.

HIGH SPARROW: The poor disgust us because they are us, shorn of our illusions. They show us what wed look like without our fine clothes. Howd we smell without perfume.

The HIGH SPARROW sighs.

HIGH SPARROW: Can I ask you about a personal matter?

MARGAERY: Of course.

MARGAERY sits on the bench beside the HIGH SPARROW.

HIGH SPARROW: The king mentioned that since your reunion, you havent joined him in the marriage bed.

MARGAERY: No.

HIGH SPARROW: You have a duty, Your Grace. To your husband, your king, your country, to the gods themselves.

MARGAERY: Its just...the desires that once drove me no longer do.

HIGH SPARROW: Congress does not require desire on the womans part, only patience. The king must have an heir if we are to continue our good work.

MARGAERY: Forgive me. Sometimes the truth path is hard to find.

HIGH SPARROW: Hard to find and harder still to walk upon. But youve made great progress. I only pray your grandmother follows your lead.

The HIGH SPARROW stands.

MARGAERY: My grandmother?

HIGH SPARROW: Yes. The Queen of Thorns is a remarkable woman, a strong woman, and an unrepentant sinner. You must teach her the new way as she taught you the old. Or I fear for her safety, body and soul.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - OLENNAS CHAMBER

MARGAERY and OLENNA are sitting at a table. SEPTA UNELLA stands several feet away, watching them.

OLENNA: Does it move or talk? I want to speak with you alone.

MARGAERY: Septa Unella has been my true friend and counselor.

OLENNA stands.

OLENNA: Oh, this is madness!

OLENNA takes MARGAERYs hand and leads her out onto the balcony to a different table. SEPTA UNELLA follows them out. MARGAERY sits at the table.

OLENNA (to SEPTA UNELLA): Youre not in your sanctuary now, my dear. All I have to do is whistle and my men will stroll in here and bash you about...

MARGAERY: Grandmother.

OLENNA: ...until I tell them to stop. If I tell them to stop. You could use a good bashing.

MARGAERY: Grandmother, please.

OLENNA sits across from MARGAERY.

OLENNA: What have they done to you?

MARGAERY: You marched against the High Sparrow, against the Faith.

OLENNA: We marched for you.

MARGAERY: The gods could have punished you and Father, but they didnt. They showed mercy.

OLENNA: And what about your brother? What mercy did they show him?

MARGAERY: Lorass only hope is to confess his crimes and repent. If he does, the Faith will allow him to return to Highgarden. Hell have to renounce his name and title...

OLENNA: Have you lost your mind?

MARGAERY: ...and live his life as a penitent.

OLENNA: He is the heir to Highgarden, the future of House Tyrell.


MARGAERY: He can begin again.

OLENNA: As a mindless fanatic.

MARGAERY: As a free man.

OLENNA: You will leave for Highgarden today. There is no law that says you must stay here.

MARGAERY stands.

MARGAERY: I am the queen. It is my duty to serve my husband the king.

MARGAERY walks around the table and kneels before OLENNA. Her back is to SEPTA UNELLA.

MARGAERY: But you should leave, Grandmother. Your place is at home.

OLENNA: I will never leave you. Never.

MARGAERY: You must.

MARGAERY slips a piece of paper into OLENNAs hand. MARGAERYs eyes widen.

MARGAERY: Go home. Find comfort in prayer and good works.

MARGAERY stands.

MARGAERY: The Mother watches over us all.

OLENNA stands.

OLENNA: Ill see you soon, my dear.

MARGAERY and OLENNA embrace. MARGAERY closes her eyes and then steps back.

MARGAERY: Seven blessings to you, Grandmother.

OLENNA nods and walks back into her chamber. MARGAERY stifles tears. She regains her composure and turns to face SEPTA UNELLA.

MARGAERY: Shall we pray?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - OLENNAS CHAMBER INNER BALCONY

OLENNA walks out onto the balcony and shuts the door behind her. She looks around and then unfolds the piece of paper MARGAERY placed in her hand and looks at it. There is a drawing of a rose on it. OLENNA looks up and smiles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. SOUTH OF THE WALL - WILDLING ENCAMPMENT
JON SNOW, SANSA, DAVOS, TORMUND, and WUN WUN are meeting with DIM DALBA and the other Wildling leaders. They are all gathered around a fire pit.

DIM DALBA: We said wed fight with you, King Crow, when the time comes and we meant it, but this isnt what we agreed to. These arent White Walkers. This isnt an army of the dead. This isnt our find.

TORMUND: If it werent for him, none of us would be here. All of you would be meat in the Night Kings army. And Id be a pile of charred bones just like Mance.

DIM DALBA: Remember Mances camp? It stretched all the way to the horizon. And look at us now. Look whats left of us. And if we lose this, were gone. Dozens of tribes, hundreds of generations. Be like we were never there at all. Well be the last of the free folk.

JON SNOW: Thats whatll happen to you if we lose. The Boltons, the Karstarks, the Umbers, they know youre here. They know that more than half of you are women and children. After they finish with me, theyll come for you. Youre right. This isnt your fight. You shouldnt have to come to Winterfell with me. I shouldnt be asking you. Its not the deal we made. I need you with me if were gonna beat them, and we need to beat them if youre going to survive.

TORMUND gestures to JON SNOW.

TORMUND: The crows killed him because he spoke for the free folk when no other southerners would. He died for us. If we are not willing to do the same for him, were cowards. And if thats what we are, we deserve to be the last of the free folk.

WUN WUN stands.

WUN WUN: Snow.

WUN WUN walks away. DIM DALBA looks at the men around him. One of them nods. DIM DALBA walks up to JON SNOW and holds out his hand. JON takes it. DIM DALBA returns to his men.

JON SNOW (to TORMUND): Are you sure theyll come?

TORMUND: Were not clever like you southerners. When we say well do something, we do it.

JON SNOW exhales.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. RED KEEP - OLENNAS CHAMBER
OLENNA is sitting at a table, writing. CERSEI enters with GREGOR in tow.

CERSEI: I heard you were leaving Kings Landing.

OLENNA: That is hardly your concern.

CERSEI: Your grandson is still a prisoner. Youll leave him rotting in a cell?

OLENNA: Loras rots in a cell because of you. THe High Sparrow rules this city because of you. Our two ancient houses face collapse because of you and your stupidity.

CERSEI: Youre right. I made a terrible mistake. I carry it with me every single day.

OLENNA: Good.

CERSEI: I delivered an army of fanatics onto our doorstep. And now we must fight them together. We need each other.

OLENNA: I wonder if youre the worst person Ive ever met. At a certain age, its hard to recall. But the truly vile do stand out through the years. Do you remember the way you smirked at me when my grandson and granddaughter were dragged off to their cells? I do. Ill never forget it.

CERSEI: You love your granddaughter. I love my son. Its the only truth I know. We must defend them.

OLENNA: Im leaving this wretched city as fast as I can before that shoeless zealot throws me into one of his cells. If youre half as bright as you think you are, youll find your way out of here, too.

CERSEI: Never. Ill never leave my son.

OLENNA: Whatll you do, then? You have no support. Not anymore. Your brothers gone. The High Sparrow saw to that. The rest of your family have abandoned you. The people despise you. Youre surrounded by enemies, thousands of them. Youre going to kill them all by yourself? Youve lost, Cersei. Its the only joy I can find in all this misery.

OLENNA goes back to writing.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERRUN - OUTSKIRTS
A Lannister army approaches Riverrun led by JAIME and BRONN. JAIME and BRONN stop their horses on a hill and look out at the encampment of Freys at the foot of Riverrun.

MAN: Pick the pace up. Keep going.

MAN #2: Keep it moving!

BRONN: Now, that is a sorry attempt at a siege. Someone needs to teach those sad twats how to dig trenches.

JAIME: Someone certainly does.

JAIME looks at BRONN.

BRONN: Oh, no. Not me. Im just an upjumped sellsword.

JAIME: Youre an anointed knight. Theres quite a difference.

BRONN: Aye, knights dont get paid.

JAIME: You have better instincts than any officer in the Lannister army.

BRONN: Thats like saying I have a bigger cock than anyone in the Unsullied army.

JAIME: I expect to command all the Lannister forces before long. You can be the right hand I lost.

BRONN: You promised me a lordship and a castle and a highborn beauty for a wife.

JAIME: And youll get all three. A Lannister always- -

BRONN: Dont say it. Dont fucking say it.

BRONN ushers his horse onwards.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERRUN - FREY ENCAMPMENT

JAIME and BRONN lead a group of Lannister soldiers through the encampment. Some Frey men gather around and stare at them. LOTHAR is standing at the foot of Riverrun, shouting up at the castle walls. BLACK WALDER is behind him, standing on a makeshift hangmans platform. EDMURE is also on the platform with a noose around his neck. JAIME and BRONN watch them.

LOTHAR: Come out and fight us, Blackfish. Yield the castle or well hang him.

BRYNDEN TULLY, the Blackfish, walks along Riverruns castle wall and comes to a stop in front of an arrowslit. He stares out at LOTHAR, BLACK WALDER, and EDMURE.

LOTHAR: This is your last warning. Yield the castle.

LOTHAR looks back at BLACK WALDER. BLACK WALDER takes the noose off of EDMUREs neck and draws a knife.

BLACK WALDER: You think I wont do it, old man?

BLACK WALDER holds the knife to EDMUREs neck.

BLACK WALDER: I sliced your nieces throat from ear to ear. And where were you? Running and hiding like a fucking coward. Yield the castle or I cut his throat.

BRYNDEN: Go on, then. Cut his throat.

BRYNDEN walks away. LOTHAR looks at BLACK WALDER and shrugs. BLACK WALDER takes the knife away from EDMUREs neck. Some Frey men take EDMURE away. JAIME, BRONN, and the Lannister army advance towards LOTHAR and BLACK WALDER, and stop in front of them.

JAIME: Lothar, is it?

LOTHAR: Ser Jaime. We didnt know you were coming.

JAIME: Cause you didnt set up a proper perimeter. You just allowed 8,000 men to approach unchallenged.

BRONN: Good thing were friends or wed be fucking you in the ass right now.

JAIME: Have Lord Edmure bathed and fed.

BLACK WALDER waves at the Frey men escorting EDMURE.

BLACK WALDER: Whoa, whoa.

The Frey men stop walking. BLACK WALDER approaches JAIME.

LOTHAR: Walder.

LOTHAR puts his hand out to stop BLACK WALDER, but BLACK WALDER pushes him away. BLACK WALDER walks up to JAIME.

BLACK WALDER: Edmure is a prisoner of House Frey.

JAIME looks BLACK WALDER up and down.

JAIME: Only a fool makes threats hes not prepared to carry out. Now lets say I threatened to hit you unless you shut your mouth, but you kept talking. What do you think Id do?

BLACK WALDER: I dont give a rats- -

JAIME hits BLACK WALDER across the face with his gold hand. BLACK WALDER staggers back beside LOTHAR.

JAIME: Im here by the kings command to take back this castle. Have him bathed and fed. Unless youd like to take his place.

LOTHAR: Apologies, Ser Jaime.

LOTHAR waves at the Frey men escorting EDMURE.

LOTHAR: Do as he says.

JAIME: The siege is now under my command. The next time the Blackfish looks out from those ramparts, hell see an army at his gates, not whatever this is.

BRONN: Have your lads start digging perimeter trenches. Set pickets every hundred yards. And work double-time on those siege towers and trebuchets.

BLACK WALDER: Those are our siege towers- -

JAIME: As I said, the siege is under my command. If thats not to your liking, go home.

LOTHAR and BLACK WALDER walk away. BRONN walks up behind JAIME.

JAIME: Get word to the Blackfish. I want a parley.

BRONN: A parley or a fight?

JAIME: Hes an old man.

BRONN: Youve got one hand. My moneys on the old boy.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BEAR ISLAND
The castle of House Mormont sits atop a high hill. Waterfalls pour out below. A bird screeches.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BEAR ISLAND - CASTLE AUDIENCE CHAMBER

LYANNA MORMONT sits at a high table flanked by a commander and a maester. JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS enter. Some guards close the doors behind them.

JON SNOW: Lady Mormont.

LYANNA: Welcome to Bear Island.

JON SNOW looks at SANSA.

SANSA: I remember when you were born, my lady. You were named for my Aunt Lyanna. It was said she was a great beauty. Im sure you will be, too.

LYANNA: I doubt it. My mother wasnt a great beauty or any other kind of beauty. She was a great warrior, though. She died fighting for your brother, Robb.

JON SNOW: I served under your uncle at Castle Black, Lady Lyanna. He was also a great warrior and an honorable man. I was his steward. In fact- -

LYANNA: I think weve had enough small talk. What are you here?

JON SNOW: Stannis Baratheon garrisoned at Castle Black before he marched on Winterfell and was killed. He showed me the letter you wrote to him when he petitioned for men. It said- -

LYANNA: I remember what it said. Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North whose name is Stark.

JON SNOW: Robb is gone, but House Stark is not. And it needs your support now more than ever. Ive come with my sister to ask for House Mormonts allegiance.

LYANNA leans towards her maester. They whisper to each other. LYANNA turns back to face JON SNOW.

LYANNA: As far as I understand, youre a Snow and Lady Sansa is a Bolton. Or is she a Lannister? Ive heard conflicting reports.

SANSA: I did what I had to do to survive, my lady. But I am a Stark. I will always be a Stark.

LYANNA: If you say so. In any case, you dont just want my allegiance. You want my fighting men.

JON SNOW: Ramsay Bolton cannot be allowed to keep Winterfell, my lady. It is our duty to stop him. Even more so because he holds our brother Rickon Stark as prisoner. What you have to understand, my lady, is that- -

LYANNA: I understand that Im responsible for Bear Island and all who live here. So why should I sacrifice one more Mormont life for someone elses war?

JON SNOW and SANSA fall silent. DAVOS steps forward.

DAVOS: If it please, my lady, I understand how you feel.

LYANNA: I dont know you, Ser?

DAVOS: Davos, my lady, of House Seaworth.

LYANNA turns to her maester.

DAVOS: You neednt ask your maester about my house. Its rather new.

LYANNA settles back into her chair.

LYANNA: All right, Ser Davos of House Seaworth. How is it you understand how I feel?

DAVOS: You never thought youd find yourself in your position. Being responsible for so many lives at such a young age. I never thought Id be in my position. I was a crabbers son, then I was a smuggler. And now I found myself addressing the lady of a great house in time of war. But Im here because this isnt someone elses war. Its our war.

LYANNA: Go on, Ser Davos.

DAVOS: Your uncle, Lord Commander Mormont, made that man his steward. He chose Jon to be his successor because he knew had the courage to do what was right, even if it meant giving his life. Because Jeor Mormont and Jon Snow both understood that the real war isnt between a few squabbling houses. Its between the living and the dead. And make no mistake, my lady, the dead are coming.

LYANNA: Is this true?

JON SNOW nods.

JON SNOW: Your uncle fought them at the Fist of the First Men. I fought them at Hardhome. We both lost.

DAVOS: As long as the Boltons hold Winterfell, the North is divided. And a divided North wont stand a chance against the Night King. You want to protect your people, my lady. I understand. But theres no hiding from this. We have to fight and we need to do it together.

LYANNAs maester leans over to whisper in her ear, but she waves him away.

LYANNA: House Mormont has kept faith with House Stark for 1,000 years. We will not break faith today.

JON SNOW: Thank you, my lady. How many fighting men can we expect?


LYANNA leans to her military commander and they whisper to each other.

LYANNA: 62.

JON SNOW: 62?

LYANNA: We are not a large house, but were a proud one. And every man from Bear Island fights with the strength of 10 mainlanders.

DAVOS: If theyre half as ferocious as their lady, the Boltons are doomed.

LYANNA smiles and nods.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERRUN - LANNISTER ENCAMPMENT
JAIME is on horseback, galloping through the encampment. He is accompanied by a bannerman and a regiment of foot soldiers. When he reaches the bridge leading to Riverruns castle, he dismounts his horse and walks across it. He stands at the foot of the bridge and stares down into the water. Above, several Tully soldiers notch their crossbows and point them at him through arrowslits. The drawbridge lowers. BRYNDEN stands on the other side, accompanied by a regiment of Tully soldiers. BRYNDEN walks out across the drawbridge alone and approaches JAIME.

BRYNDEN: Kingslayer.

JAIME: Blackfish.

BRYNDEN: I assume youre here to fulfill the vow you gave my niece. I dont see Sansa and Arya.

JAIME: I dont have them.

BRYNDEN: Pity. Do you wish to resume your captivity?

JAIME shakes his head.

BRYNDEN: Then why are you here?

JAIME: You know why Im here. This castle belongs to House Frey. Youre trespassing. In the name of King Tommen, I order you to surrender or- -

BRYNDEN: Or youll kill Edmure?

BRYNDEN walks past JAIME.

BRYNDEN: My nephews marked for death no matter what. Hang him and be done with it.

JAIME: It wont stop with Edmure. Youll force me to storm the castle. Hundreds will die.

BRYNDEN: Hundreds of mine. Thousands of yours. If you can breach the walls.

JAIME positions himself beside BRYNDEN.

JAIME: Well breach them and kill every last one of you. But if you surrender, Ill spare the lives of your men. On my honor.

BRYNDEN: Your honor? Bargaining with oathbreakers is like building on quicksand.

JAIME: The war is over, ser. Why sacrifice living men to a lost cause?

BRYNDEN turns to face JAIME and walks close to him.

BRYNDEN: As long as Im standing, the war is not over. This is my home. I was born in this castle and Im ready to die in it. So you can either attack or try to starve us out. We have enough provisions for two years. Do you have two years, Kingslayer?

BRYNDEN walks past JAIME and continues back across the drawbridge.

JAIME: You clearly have no intention of saving your mens lives. Why did you come to treat with me?

BRYNDEN turns back to face JAIME.

BRYNDEN: Sieges are dull. And I wanted to see you in person, get the measure of you.

JAIME: Well, now you have.

BRYNDEN: Aye, now I have. Im disappointed.

BRYNDEN turns around and walks back inside the castle. The drawbridge begins to close. JAIME scrunches up his face, turns around, and walks back across the bridge.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. DEEPWOOD MOTTE - COURTYARD
JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS are meeting with ROBETT GLOVER. Several men serving under ROBETT stand in attendance.

ROBETT: The answer is no.

JON SNOW: Lord Glover, if you could just hear us out.

ROBETT: Ive heard enough. Weve only just taken back this castle from the Ironborn. The Boltons helped us do it. Now you want me to fight against them? I could be skinned for even talking to you.

JON SNOW: The Boltons are traitors. Roose Bolton- -

ROBETT: Have other northern houses pledged to fight for you?

JON SNOW: House Mormont.

ROBETT: And?

JON SNOW: We sent raven to Houses Manderly- -

ROBETT: I dont care about ravens. Youre asking me to join your army. Who is fighting in this army?

JON SNOW: The bulk of the force is made up of wildlings.

ROBETT laughs.

ROBETT: Then the rumors are true. I didnt dare believe them. I received you out of respect for your father. Now I would like you to leave. House Glover will not abandon its ancestral home to fight alongside wildlings.

ROBETT turns around and heads up the stairs towards a door attended by his men.

JON SNOW: Lord Glover.

ROBETT: Theres nothing else to say.

SANSA: I would remind you that House Glover is pledged to House Stark. Sworn to answer when called upon.

JON SNOW glares at SANSA. ROBETT turns on his heel and walks up close to SANSA.

ROBETT: Yes, my family served House Stark for centuries. We wept when we heard of your fathers death. When my brother was lord of this castle, he answered Robbs call and hailed him King in the North.

ROBETT gets closer to SANSA.

ROBETT: And where was King Robb when the Ironborn attacked this castle? When they threw my wife and children in prison and brutalized and killed our subjects? Taking up with a foreign whore. Getting himself and those who followed him killed.

ROBETT looks at JON SNOW and then back at SANSA.

ROBETT: I served House Stark once, but House Stark is dead.

ROBETT turns, climbs the stairs to the door, and walks through it. SANSA and JON SNOW look down.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. LONG BRIDGE OF VOLANTIS - BAY
Many boats bearing the sigil of House Greyjoy on their sails are docked in the bay near the Long Bridge. Chatter and laughter can be heard from the Long Bridge.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: LONG BRIDGE OF VOLANTIS - BAR

Many Ironborn men are communing with prostitutes. THEON sits at a table alone, looking back at forth at them. YARA sits down at his table accompanied by a prostitute. She and the prostitute kiss at length. THEON does not look at them.

THEON: Why did we have to come here?

YARA: Some of us still like it. Have a drink at least.

THEON: I dont want one.

YARA sighs and turns back to the prostitute..

YARA: Dont go far, love.

YARA kisses the prostitutes breast.

YARA: Ill find you in a bit.

The prostitute stands. YARA kisses her backside and then slaps it. The prostitute giggles and runs away. YARA laughs and grabs a drink.

YARA: Nothing on the Iron Islands has an ass like that. Doesnt interest you anymore?

THEON scrunches up his face.

YARA: Im sorry. I wont joke about it. Ill never hurt you, little brother. Dont you know that?

YARA pours herself another drink.

THEON: You think Uncle Eurons hunting for us?

YARA: Of course he is. As long as were alive, were a threat.

THEON: Hell find us.

YARA: Its a great big world and we have fast ships. Drink.

THEON: I dont want any.

YARA: I dont care what you want. Drink.

THEON takes a small sip of his drink.

YARA: Drink it all.

THEON drinks deeper.

YARA: Youre Ironborn, Theon. I know youve had some bad years.

THEON: Some bad years?

YARA: But Im tired of watching you cower like a beat dog. Drink the goddamn ale.

THEON takes another deep drink.

YARA: Now listen to me. I need you. The real Theon Greyjoy, not this rat shit pretender. Can you find him for me? Drink.

THEON drinks more deeply..

YARA: You escaped, do you hear me? You got away and youre never going back. Well get justice for you.

THEON: If I got justice, my burnt body would hang over the gates of Winterfell.

YARA: Fuck justice, then. Well get revenge. Drink.

THEON downs the rest of his ale. YARA moves closer to THEON.

YARA: Listen to me. If youre so broken that theres no coming back, take a knife and cut your wrists. End it. But if youre staying, Theon, I need you. Were gonna sail to Meereen. Were gonna make a pact with this Dragon Queen. And were gonna take back the Iron Islands.

YARA places her hand on the back of THEONs neck.

YARA: Are you with me? Are you really with me?

THEON slowly raises his head up and locks eyes with YARA. He nods. YARA smiles and kisses his forehead.

YARA: Now, since its my last night ashore for a long while, Im gonna go fuck the tits off this one.

YARA stands, pats THEON on the back, walks over to the prostitute she was communing with earlier, and takes her hand. THEON stares blankly to the side.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. NORTHERN WILDERNESS - STARK ENCAMPMENT
JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS are riding horses through the encampment.

DAVOS: Stannis camped here on his way to Winterfell.

SANSA: And thats a good thing?

DAVOS: He was the most experienced commander in Westeros. He chose this place for a reason. Those mountains are a natural fortification. Theres a stream down there for the horses.

JON SNOW: Were not staying here long. Another storm could hit any day..

DAVOS: Aye, the snows defeated Stannis as much as the Boltons did.

JON SNOW: We have to march on Winterfell now while we still can.

They all dismount their horses and begin walking side by side.

DAVOS: 2,000 Wildlings. 200 Hornwoods, 143 Mazins- -

SANSA: 62 Mormonts.

DAVOS: Its not what wed hoped for. But we still have a chance if were careful and smart.

DAVOS spots two men fighting.

DAVOS: For fucks sake.

DAVOS hurries over to the men. JON SNOW and SANSA watch him go and then continue walking.

SANSA: So hes your most trusted advisor now? Because he secured 62 men from a ten year old?

JON SNOW: Ser Davos is the reason Im standing here talking to you and he served Stannis for years.

SANSA: Stannis who lost the Blackwater, who murdered his own brother, who doesnt have a head?

SANSA stops walking. JON keeps walking a few paces and then turns to face her.

SANSA: Its not enough. We need more men.

JON SNOW: Theres no time.

SANSA: If we went down to Castle Cerwyn, I know that Lord- -

JON SNOW moves close to SANSA.

JON SNOW: We fight with the army we have.

JON SNOW looks over SANSAs shoulder at DAVOS. He is standing in front of the fighting men, who are wrestling on the ground.

DAVOS: Friends, this is not worth fighting over!

JON SNOW walks past SANSA and away.

DAVOS: Thisll be it, now. Right now, we dont need to be fighting.

One of the men gets in DAVOS face.

MAN: Who the fuck are you?

DAVOS: Hold on.

MAN #2: Yeah, who the fuck are you?

SANSA spies the maester of Bear Island handling some crates containing ravens. He holds up one of the crates to LYANNA MORMONT.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: NORTHERN WILDERNESS - STARK ENCAMPMENT TENT

SANSA is writing a letter. She signs her name, pours wax, and presses the wax with the direwolf sigil of House Stark. She picks up the letter and rereads it, then stares ahead.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT
All of RAYs followers are gathered together in a circle. RAY is standing in the center, speaking to them all. SANDOR stands at the far end of the flock, behind everyone else. The church framing stands on a hill in the background.

RAY: I was a soldier once. All my superiors thought I was brave. I wasnt. I mean, I never ran from a fight. Only because I was afraid my friends would see I was afraid. Thats all I was, a coward. We followed orders no matter the orders. Burn that village. Fine, Im your arsonist. Steal that farmers crops. Good, Im your thief. Kill those young lads so they wont take up arms against us. Im your murderer. I remember once a woman screaming at us, calling us animals as we dragged her son from their hut. But we werent animals. Animals are true to their nature and we had betrayed ours. I cut that young boys throat myself as his mother screamed and my friends held her back.

RAY sits down on a stump next to one of the men and rests his arm on the mans shoulder.

RAY: That night...I felt such shame. Shame was so heavy on me, I couldnt eat, I couldnt sleep.

SANDOR looks down.

RAY: All I could do was stare into that dark sky and listen to that mother screaming her sons name. Ill hear her screaming the rest of my life.

RAY stands and walks back to the center of the circle.

RAY: Now, I know I can never bring that lad back. All I can do with time Ive got left is bring a little goodness into the world. Thats all any of us can do, isnt it? Never too late to stop robbing people, to stop killing people. Start helping people.

RAY stares at SANDOR.

RAY: Its never too late to come back.

SANDOR returns RAYs gaze but is distracted by three horsemen coming up the way. RAY turns to look at them. SANDOR walks a few paces into the midst of RAYs followers and stares at the riders.

RAY: And its not about waiting for the gods to answer your prayers. Its not even about the gods. Its about you. Learning you have to answer your prayers yourself.

The three riders reach the group and stop. RAY walks out to meet them. All of RAYs followers stand. The riders are FLYNN, MORGAN, and LEM LEMONCLOAK.

RAY: Seven save you, friends. How can we help you?

LEM: What are you doing here?

RAY: Well, were talking about life. You?

LEM: Protecting the people.

RAY: Well, we thank you for your protection. Who are you protecting us from?

LEM: Do you have any horses?

RAY: No horses. No gold. No steel.

LEM: Food, then. Protecting the people is hungry work.

RAY: Im sure it is. Youre welcome to stay for supper, but we have hungry mouths here.

LEM: Stay safe. The night is dark and full of terrors.

LEM smiles. The three riders turn the horses around and ride off. SANDOR watches them leave.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT OUTSKIRTS

SANDOR is splitting wood with an ax on a chopping block. RAY walks up the path. SANDOR sees him coming but continues chopping.

SANDOR: Seven save you, friends.

RAY: Im a fucking septon. What was I supposed to say?

SANDOR: They dont believe in your Seven. Theyre from the Brotherhood. They follow the Red God.

RAY: Aye, well, all are welcome here. Anyway, we got nothing for them.

SANDOR stops chopping.

SANDOR: Sure, you do. Youve got food, youve got steel even if you say you dont. And youve got women.

RAY: What do you want to do? Fight them? Kill them?

SANDOR shrugs and sighs.

RAY: Itd be you against all of them. I mean, these people dont know how to fight.

SANDOR: You do.

RAY: Im done with fighting.

SANDOR: Even if its to protect yourself?

RAY: Violence is a disease. You dont cure a disease by spreading it to more people.

SANDOR: You dont cure it by dying, either.

SANDOR resumes chopping.

RAY: Youve done enough work for one day. Come on up for some supper.

RAY starts back up the path.

SANDOR: Its gonna be a cold night. Well need firewood.

RAY: Ill save you a bowl of stew. Might even have some ale hidden away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BRAAVOS - MARKETPLACE
People of all sorts line the streets. ARYA walks among them with her hands behind her back. She encounters two men sitting across from each other at a small table.

MAN: Hes not a lying man. He says the Iron Fleets in Slavers Bay. Im inclined to believe him. Im not going anywhere near those mad fuckers.

ARYA walks up beside the men and addressing the one who was speaking.

ARYA: Youre Westerosi.

MAN: What do you care?

ARYA: I want to book passage home.

The man laughs.

MAN: You? Cant afford it.

ARYA tosses a bag of coins on the table in front of the man. The man opens it and pulls out some coins.

MAN: Whered you steal this from?

ARYA: Why do you care?

MAN: We leave in two days. You can have a hammock in steerage.

ARYA throws another bag of coins on the table.

ARYA: I want a cabin. And well leave at dawn.

ARYA walks past the man and grabs the coin purses off the table on the way.

ARYA: See you at sunrise.

ARYA walks onto a bridge and stops to stare out at the Titan. An old woman approaches her.

WOMAN: Sweet girl.

ARYA turns to face the old woman. The old woman draws a blade and slashes ARYA across the stomach. She grabs ARYA by the neck and holds her tight to her body, the stabs ARYA severl times in the stomach and twists the blade. With her free hand, she reaches up and pulls off her face, revealing she is the WAIF in disguise. ARYA headbutss the WAIF, pushes her, and then runs and jumps off the opposite side of the bridge, plummeting into the water. The WAIF rushes to the side of the bridge ARYA jumped off and stares into the water. Bubbles and blood rise to the surface. The WAIF straightens her shirt and walks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BRAAVOS - MARKETPLACE SHORE

ARYA bursts through the surface of the water, gasping. She pulls herself up onto some steps , turns onto her back, and clutches her bleeding stomach.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BRAAVOS - MARKETPLACE

ARYA stumbles through the crowd, clutching her bleeding stomach and shivering. She looks from face to face. Everyone stares at her blankly.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT WOODS
SANDOR is chopping a branch with a machete. He tosses the machete down and takes a drink of water, then hears people screaming and runs through the woods.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERLANDS - BROTHER RAYS ENCAMPMENT

The dead bodies of RAYs followers are strewn all over the ground. SANDOR walks among them. He approaches the church framing. RAY is hanging by the neck from the framing, dead. SANDOR looks up at him and sighs. He walks to a nearby stump and retrieves an ax.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

EXT. SHEELBA SQUARE - STAGE
LADY CRANE and CLARENZO are performing JOFFREYs death scene in The Bloody Hand. Portraying CERSEI, LADY CRANE is kneeling, cradling CLARENZOs head. The audience watches silently.

LADY CRANE: My son. My firstborn son. My child king, hush. Listen to the gods, for you they sing. Fight no more, sweet child. Your wars are won. The wolves are buried and the false stag done. Shut your blue eyes, my love. Let the crown fall. The Father above beckons you into his hall. In Seventh Heaven Ill see you once more. But now I seek vengeance on Sansa the whore and my brother the Imp who killed his own king. Born amongst lions, our curse from within. I will slay him, I swear. With noose or with knife, though it take me a fortnight, a moon, or my life.

The crowd cheers. LADY CRANE and CLARENZO stand and bow. LADY CRANE makes her way backstage. She takes off her wig and sits down at her table in the actors break room, wiping her eyes. She takes her bottle of rum and begins to pour herself a glass but stops when she hears a rustling from behind a clothing rack. She stands and walks over to the clothing rack, then parts the clothes. ARYA is lying on the ground behind the rack, bleeding from her stomach.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BRAAVOS - LADY CRANES APARTMENT

ARYA is lying in bed. LADY CRANE sits beside her, treating her wounds.

ARYA: Youre good at that. Where did you learn?

LADY CRANE: Im a jealous woman. Ive always liked bad men and theyve always liked me. Theyd come home wherever home was that night stinking of some whores perfume.

LADY CRANE stands and carries her tray of medical supplies into the abutting room.

LADY CRANE: So wed fight and Id put a hole in them. And then Id feel terrible, so Id patch them up. I got good at patching them up.

ARYA: And good at putting holes in them.

LADY CRANE chuckles. ARYA smiles.

LADY CRANE: And that.

ARYA: What happened to the actress? The one who wanted you dead.

LADY CRANE: Bianca.

LADY CRANE spoons soup into a bowl and carries it back to ARYA.

LADY CRANE: Shell have a hard time finding work as an actress after what I did to her face.

LADY CRANE hands ARYA the bowl. ARYA takes it and slurps, then scrunches up her face.

ARYA: Mmm.

LADY CRANE: I never did learn to cook. But eat. Eat. You need it. The company is moving on to Pentos soon. You should come with us.

ARYA: I cant.

LADY CRANE: Why not? Got a feeling youd be good at this sort of work. And besides, we need a new actress.

ARYA: I dont think I could remember all of the lines.

LADY CRANE: Come with us. Whats left for you here?

ARYA: You wouldnt be safe. Not while shes looking for me.

LADY CRANE: Who?

ARYA: She doesnt have a name.

LADY CRANE: Where will you go?

ARYA: Essos is east and Westeros is west. But whats west of Westeros?

LADY CRANE: I dont know.

ARYA: Nobody does. Thats where all the maps stop.

LADY CRANE: The edge of the world, maybe.

ARYA: Id like to see that.

ARYA is afflicted with pain from her wound. LADY CRANE stands and pours a milky white liquid into a glass.

ARYA: Whats that?

LADY CRANE: Milk of the poppy.

ARYA: I dont want any.

LADY CRANE hands ARYA the glass.

LADY CRANE: Sleep is the only way youll heal. Trust me, if my soup didnt kill you, nothing will.

ARYA takes the glass, stares into it, and then drinks it down. She lays back and LADY CRANE tucks her in. ARYA falls asleep. LADY CRANE touches her hand and dims the candlelight.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERLANDS - WOODS
Four men are sitting around a small campfire, two young and two middle-aged. One of the middle-aged men is named GATINS.

MAN: Thing about Gatins, right, is he used to be pretty.

GATINS: I was a famous kisser. You lads know how to kiss proper?

The young men look at each other.

YOUNG MAN: Course we do.

GATINS: This is for masters, this technique. Youre not ready.

YOUNG MAN #2: Im ready.

MAN: He says hes ready.

GATINS: All right.

GATINS stands and walks over to YOUNG MAN #2. YOUNG MAN #2 stands.

GATINS: Now, pay attention. You put your left hand on the back of the ladys head.

GATINS puts his left hand on the back of YOUNG MAN #2s head.

GATINS: Your right hand holds the small of the ladys back like so.

GATINS puts his right hand on the small of YOUNG MAN #2s back.

GATINS: Very romantic. Take your middle finger, yeah, and you jam it right up her bunghole.

GATINS shoves his hand down the back of YOUNG MAN #2s pants. YOUNG MAN #2 flails and pulls away. The other middle-aged man bursts out laughing. GATINS smells his finger.

MAN: So fucking close!

GATINS: Ah, it smells like pussy to me.

MAN: Look at him. You get hard, boy?

YOUNG MAN #2: Fuck you! Disgusting old twats.

GATINS sits back down next to the fire. YOUNG MAN #2 remains standing, fixing his pants. SANDOR appears, carrying an ax. He is walking towards YOUNG MAN #2. YOUNG MAN #2 has his back turned to him.

YOUNG MAN #2: Got off on that, did you, you old fuck?

The other three men spot SANDOR coming. They stand. YOUNG MAN #2 turns around to see whats coming. SANDOR growls and decapitates him. SANDOR approaches the second young man and drives his ax into his chest. The middle-aged man approaches SANDOR from behind with a sword. SANDOR spins around and slices his throat open. SANDOR lunges at GATINS and drives his axe into his groin, then rips it away. Blood spills out and GATINS falls to his knees, whimpering. SANDOR puts his hand on GATINS head, forcing him to look up.

SANDOR: Wheres the other one? The one with the yellow cloak.

GATINS: Fuck you!

SANDOR: Those are your last words, fuck you? Come on, you can do better.

GATINS: Cunt!

SANDOR: Youre shit at dying, you know that?

SANDOR raises the ax above his head, growls, and buries it into GATINS.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MEEREEN - MARKETPLACE
The courtyard is filled with people of all types. People are buying, selling, and renovating. In one area, a red priestess is preaching to a crowd.

RED PRIESTESS (speaking Valyrian): From the fire she was reborn to remake the world. Daenerys is a gift from the Lord of Light to her children. If we are steadfast in our love for the Queen and her faithful advisors, no man will ever lock us in chains again.

TYRION and VARYS enter, walking together through the courtyard. TYRION smiles.

TYRION: Id call that a successful gambit.

VARYS: Would you?

TYRION: Look around. The city has come back to life.

VARYS: You made a pact with fanatics.

TYRION: I did and it worked.

VARYS: If you shaved your beard with a straight razor, youd say the razor worked. That doesnt mean it wont cut your throat.

TYRION: Spoken like a man who has never had to shave.

TYRION and VARYS stop walking and stare out through an archway at the harbor.

TYRION: Im going to miss you.

VARYS: I know.

TYRION: I hope youre right about this expedition of yours.

VARYS: If I dont return, youll know I was wrong.

TYRION broods. VARYS looks at him.

VARYS:We need friends in Westeros. And we need ships.

TYRION: Most of all, we need our queen.

VARYS: Shell come back. She has to. My hearts been broken too many times already.

VARYS pats TYRION on the shoulder.

VARYS: Ill walk the rest of the way myself. I cant go off on a secret mission in the company of the most famous dwarf in the city.

TYRION smiles. VARYS walks on.

TYRION: Varys.

VARYS turns back and looks at TYRION.

TYRION: The most famous dwarf in the world.

VARYS smiles and nods, then walks out into the harbor. TYRION walks back through the courtyard.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER
CERSEI is sitting at a table, drinking. There is a knock on the door. QYBURN enters. GREGOR is standing out in the hall.

QYBURN: Your Grace, several members of the Faith Militant have been permitted entry to the Red Keep.

CERSEI: Have been permitted? Thats rather a tortured way of putting it.

QYBURN: They demand to see you, Your Grace.

CERSEI: Who permitted them inside the Red Keep?

QYBURN says nothing.

CERSEI: The king is aware of their presence?

QYBURN: He is, Your Grace. Hes currently in his chambers at prayer.

CERSEI stands and walks past QYBURN out into the hall. QYBURN bows to her as she passes, then follows her out with GREGOR in tow. At the bottom of the steps, LANCEL and a group of Faith Militant are waiting. CERSEI, QYBURN, and GREGOR approach them. One of the Faith Militant stares up at GREGOR.

LANCEL: Your Grace, His Holiness the High Septon wishes to speak with you at the Great Sept of Baelor.

CERSEI: His Holiness the High Septon is welcome to see me here in the Red Keep.

LANCEL: Your Grace, this is not a request.

CERSEI: It is a request, Cousin Lancel. You are asking me for something, Im refusing.

LANCEL: The High Septon commands you. Are you sure you want to refuse him?

CERSEI: He promised me I could stay in the Red Keep until my trial.

LANCEL: He made no such promises. If you refuse to come of your own free will- -

CERSEI: Get out.

LANCEL nods at the Faith Militant. Two of them advance with spikes clubs. GREGOR steps in front of CERSEI.

LANCEL (to GREGOR): Move aside, ser.

GREGOR silently stares out from behind his helmet.

LANCEL (to CERSEI): Order your man to step aside or there will be violence.

CERSEI: I choose violence.

One of the Faith Militant swings his club into GREGORs chestplate. GREGOR is unaffected. The club is stuck in the metal of the armor and the Faith Militant man struggles to wrench it free. He pulls it loose and reels back for another swing, but GREGOR takes him by the throat with one hand and lifts him up off the ground. LANCEL and the other Faith Militant regroup in the courtyard. The man in GREGORs grasp gasps and drops his club. GREGOR tosses him out into the courtyard, then follows him out. GREGOR kneels over the man, grabs him by the jaw, and rips his head off. LANCEL looks around at the other Faith Militant. CERSEI smiles.

CERSEI: Please tell His High Holiness hes always welcome to visit.

CERSEI, QYBURN, and GREGOR turn to walk back up the steps.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERRUN
BRIENNE and PODRICK arrive on horseback. They stare out at the Lannister/Frey encampment from an overlooking hill.

PODRICK: Looks like a siege, my lady.

BRIENNE: You have a keen military mind, Pod.

BRIENNE spots JAIME riding a white horse among his men.

PODRICK: My lady. My lady.

Several Lannister soldiers ride towards BRIENNE and PODRICK, and then encircle them.

MAN: Who goes there? State your business!

BRIENNE: My name is Brienne of Tarth. Please inform Ser Jaime Lannister Ive come to speak with him. Tell him I have his sword.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERRUN - LANNISTER-FREY ENCAMPMENT

PODRICK watches Lannister soldiers riding through the encampment. His is choked from behind by an unknown man who reveals himself to be BRONN.

BRONN: Getting a bit old to be a squire, arent we?

BRONN releases PODRICK. PODRICK coughs. BRONN laughs and slaps PODRICK on the shoulder.

BRONN: Podrick fucking Payne. I thought youd be dead by now.

PODRICK: Not yet.

BRONN laughs and motions to a nearby tent.

BRONN: Are they in there?

PODRICK: Mm-hmm.

BRONN: You think theyre fucking?

PODRICK: What? No.

BRONN: Why not? Id fuck her. Youd fuck her, wouldnt you?

PODRICK: Im her squire.

BRONN: Oh. Well, hed fuck her, thats for sure. And shes fuck him, dont you think? The way she looks at him. The way all women look at him is frankly irritating. I preferred working with the little brother on that account. Come on, youre the one with the magic cock.

BRONN grabs PODRICKs crotch.

BRONN: You must have shown it to her by now.

PODRICK: Shes training me to fight.

BRONN: Is she? Oh.

PODRICK: An hour in the morning, and hour at night. Every day.

BRONN: Then how come an old cunt like me can still sneak up and murder you?

PODRICK: Well, thats a different sort of fighting.

BRONN: Now, thats the truth, isnt it? You want to learn that sort of fighting?

PODRICK smiles and nods.

BRONN: All right, lets start with your footwork.

BRONN stands across from PODRICK.

BRONN: Show me your stance.

PODRICK postures up.

BRONN: Now, listen to me, Pod. See how your feet are about a yard apart?

PODRICK looks down at his feet. BRONN slaps him across the face.

BRONN: Lesson number one, assume everyone wants to hit you. Cause they do, Pod. Everyone wants to hit a fucking squire. Do it again. Come on, dont sulk.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: JAIMES TENT

BRIENNE and JAIME stand across from each other.

JAIME: I never thought youd find her. I just assumed Sansa was dead.

BRIENNE: Why would you assume that?

JAIME: In my experience, girls like her dont live very long.

BRIENNE: I dont think you know many girls like her.

JAIME: Well, Im proud of you. I am. You fulfilled your oath to Catelyn Stark against all odds.

JAIME walks around the room and comes to a stop on BRIENNEs other side. BRIENNE turns to face him.

JAIME: Of course my sister wants Sansa dead. The girl is still a suspect in Joffreys murder, so there is that complication. What the hell are you doing here?

BRIENNE: Ive come for the Blackfish.

JAIME: Youre welcome to have him.

BRIENNE: Lady Sansa desires to take her ancestral seat back from the Boltons and assume her rightful position as Lady of Winterfell.

JAIME: With what army does she plan on taking Winterfell?

BRIENNE: The Tully army.

JAIME: Theyre a bit occupied at the moment. I was sent here to reclaim Riverrun currently defended by the Tully rebels, so you can see the conundrum.

BRIENNE: The Tullys are rebels because theyre fighting for their home?

JAIME: Riverrun was granted to the Freys by royal decree.

BRIENNE: As a reward for betraying Robb Stark and slaughtering his family.

JAIME: Exactly.

JAIME and BRIENNE stare at each other.

JAIME: We shouldnt argue about politics.

BRIENNE: Youre a knight, Ser Jaime. I know there is honor in you. Ive seen it myself.

JAIME: Im a Lannister. Dont ask me to betray my own house.

BRIENNE: I do no such thing. Take Riverrun without bloodshed. Ride south with your mission complete and your army intact.

JAIME: What do you propose?

BRIENNE: Allow me to enter Riverrun under a flag of truce. Let me try to persuade the Blackfish to give up the castle.

JAIME: Why would he abandon his ancestral home?

BRIENNE: Because youll allow him to lead the Tully forces safely north.

JAIME: Have you ever met the Blackfish?

BRIENNE: No.

JAIME: Hes even more stubborn than you are.

BRIENNE looks down. JAIME walks back around the table to BRIENNEs other side.

JAIME: All right. Try to talk some sense into the old goat. He wont listen, but his men might. Not everybody wants to die for someone elses home.

BRIENNE: I need your word. If I persuade him to abandon the castle, youll grant us safe passage north.

JAIME: You have my word. You have until nightfall.

BRIENNE nods and undoes her sword belt. She hands Oathkeeper to JAIME. JAIME sighs.

BRIENNE: You gave it to me for a purpose. Ive achieved that purpose.

JAIME: Its yours. It will always be yours.

BRIENNE stares into JAIMEs eyes, then ties Oathkeeper back on her waist and begins to walk out. JAIME follows her to the entrance of the tent. BRIENNE turns back.

BRIENNE: one last thing, Ser Jaime.

JAIME: Yes, Lady Brienne?

BRIENNE: Should I fail to persuade the Blackfish to surrender, and if you attack the castle, honor compels me to fight for Sansas kin.

JAIME: Of course it does.

BRIENNE: To fight you.

JAIME: Lets hope it doesnt come to that.

BRIENNE and JAIME stare into each others eyes. BRIENNE exits. JAIME watches her go.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERRUN - OUTER WALL

BRIENNE and PODRICK follow BRYNDEN holding a piece of parchment as he walks along the walls of Riverrun.

BRYNDEN: Ive said no three times already.

BRIENNE: I have a signed letter from your niece Sansa Stark.

BRYNDEN: I havent seen her since she was a child. I dont know her signature. I dont know you. And I will not surrender.

BRYNDEN turns to one of his soldiers.

BRYNDEN: Double the guards tonight.

BRYNDEN looks out at the Lannister/Frey encampment.

BRYNDEL The Kingslayer wants to try us. I can feel it.

BRYNDEN turns on his heel and walks inside. BRIENNE and PODRICK follow him.

BRIENNE: As I have said, my name is- -

BRYNDEN: Yes, Brienne of Tarth. I know your father. A good man.

BRIENNE: He always spoke highly of you.

BRYNDEN: And if he were here now, Id tell him the same Im telling you.

BRYNDEN makes his way down a set of steps.

BRYNDEN: If you think Im abandoning my familys seat on the Kingslayers word of honor, youre a bloody fool.

BRIENNE: Riverrun cannot stand against the Lannisters and the Freys.

BRYNDEN: We can stand longer than your one-handed friend thinks we can.

BRYNDEN, BRIENNE, and PODRICK emerge into Riverruns main courtyard.

BRIENNE: Hes not my friend.

BRYNDEN: No?

BRYNDEN stops and turns back to face BRIENNE.

BRYNDEN: Who gave you permission to cross the siege line and enter the castle? Who gave you that sword with the gold lion on the pommel?

BRIENNE: Ser Jaime kept his word to your niece Catelyn Stark. He sent me to find Sansa, to help her as Catelyn wanted. He gave me this sword to protect her. That is what I have done and I will continue to do until the day I die.

BRIENNE holds out the piece of parchment to BRYNDEN. BRYNDEN takes it, unfolds it, and reads its contents. He smiles and chuckles under his breath.

BRYNDEN: Shes exactly like her mother.

BRIENNE smiles. BRYNDEN turns back to face her.

BRYNDEN: I dont have enough men to help her take Winterfell.

BRIENNE: You have more than she does.

BRYNDEN: She wants her home back. I understand that. But this is my home. And if Jaime Lannister wants it, he can bloody well take it the way everyone else does.

BRYNDEN hands the letter back to BRIENNE. She takes it. BRYNDEN walks away.

BRIENNE (to PODRICK): Find the maester. We need to get a raven north to Sansa.

PODRICK: What should I write?

BRIENNE: Tell her I failed.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. RED KEEP - THRONE ROOM
A crowd of nobles fills the throne room. CERSEI enters, followed by QYBURN and GREGOR. The crowd stares at them and parts to let them pass. They approach the throne. TOMMEN, KEVAN, and MAESTER PYCELLE stand atop the steps to the throne. KEVAN walks down the steps and confronts CERSEI.

CERSEI: Theres to be a royal announcement?

KEVAN: There is.

CERSEI: Why wasnt I informed?

KEVAN: There is to be a royal announcement in the throne room at this very moment.

CERSEi starts up the steps but KEVAN blocks her with his arm.

KEVAN: Where are you going?

CERSEI: To stand by my son.

KEVAN: Your place is in the gallery with the other ladies of the court.

CERSEI stares at TOMMEN. TOMMEN looks away. MAESTER PYCELLE whispers to him. CERSEI, QYBURN, and GREGOR move to one of the nearby balconies. TOMMEN sits on the Iron Throne and addresses the crowd.

TOMMEN: Lords and ladies, the Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. One collapses, so does the other. The Father judges us all. If you break his laws...you will be punished. After conferring with His Holiness the High Septon, we have determined that Loras Tyrell and Cersei lannisters trial will be held in the Great Sept of Baelor on the first day of the Festival of the Mother.

Members of the crowd murmur to one another.

TOMMEN: Furthermore, after much prayer and reflection, the Crown has decided that from this day forward, trial by combat will be forbidden throughout the Seven Kingdoms. The tradition is a brutish one, a scheme devised by corrupt rulers in order to avoid true judgment from the gods. Cersei Lannister and Loras Tyrell will stand trial before seven septons as it was in the earliest days of the Faith. Seven blessings to all.

CROWD: Seven blessings.

TOMMEN stands and makes his way out of the hall, accompanied by the goldcloaks. CERSEI watches him leave. QYBURN walks up beside CERSEi and whispers to her.

QYBURN: Your Grace...that old rumor you told me about. My little birds investigated.

CERSEI: And? Was it just a rumor or something more?

QYBURN: More. Much more.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID CONFERENCE ROOM
TYRION pours himself a glass of wine. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI sit across from him.

MISSANDEI: You seem happy.

TYRION: I am happy. You should both be as well. Not so long ago, this city was ready to devour itself.

TYRION puts down his glass of wine on a table and pours another glass of wine.

TYRION: Now its like a man reborn.

MISSANDEI: I will be happy when our queen returns.

TYRION: Why dont you drink? Why dont either of you ever drink?

TYRION pours a third glass of wine.

GREY WORM: Unsullied never drink.

TYRION: Why not?

GREY WORM: Rules.

TYRION: And who made these rules? Your former masters?

GREY WORM and MISSANDEI look at each other.

TYRION: Those miserable old shits didnt want you to be human. Have a drink with me.

TYRION hands GREY WORM one of the glasses of wine. GREY WORM takes it.

TYRION (to MISSANDEI): And you? Whats your excuse?

GREY WORM sniffs his glass of wine and scrunches up his face. TYRION hands MISSANDEI the second glass of wine. She takes it.

MISSANDEI: I have tried wine before. It made me feel funny.

TYRION: Thats how you know its working.

TYRION returns to his glass of wine and raises it up.

TYRION: Heres to our queen. Anyone not drinking is disrespecting our queen.

GREY WORM and MISSANDEI raise their glasses.

TYRION: To Daenerys Stormborn, Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains, long may she reign.

GREY WORM & MISSANDEI: Long may she reign.

GREY WORM and MISSANDEI sip from their glasses. TYRION drinks all of his.

TYRION: Do you like it?

GREY WORM: Tastes like it has turned.

TYRION walks to another decanter on the opposite side of the room and pours himself another glass of wine.

TYRION: Yes, yes. Fermentation. One day, after our queen has taken the Seven Kingdoms...Id like to have my own vineyard. Make my own wine. The Imps Delight. Only my close friends could drink it.

TYRION sips his wine.

TYRION: Tell me a joke, Missandei of Naath.

TYRION walks back in front of GREY WORM and MISSANDEI.

MISSANDEI: I do not know any jokes.

TYRION: Grey worm?

GREY WORM stares and says nothing.

TYRION: Right. Three lords walk into a tavern- - a Stark, a Martell, and a Lannister. They order ale...

MISSANDEI sips her wine.

TYRION: ...but when the barkeep brings them over, each of them finds a fly in his cup. The Lannister, outraged, shoves the cup aside and demands another. The Martell plucks the fly out and swallows it whole. The Stark reaches into his cup, pulls out the fly and shouts, Spit it out, you see shit. Spit it out.

GREY WORM and MISSANDEI do not laugh.

TYRION: Its funnier in Westeros.

GREY WORM: The Starks and the lannisters, i thought these were enemies.

TYRION: Yes.

MISSANDEI: A joke is like a story, Torgo Nudho. Not a true story, necessarily.

TYRION: A story thats supposed to make you laugh, ideally. Not at the moment, perhaps.

MISSANDEI sips her wine again.

TYRION: Missandei, do you like the wine?

MISSANDEI: I do.

TYRION: Tell a joke.

MISSANDEI: Two translators are on a sinking ship.

TYRION smiles.

MISSANDEI: The first says, Do you know how to swim? The second says, No, but I can shout for help in 19 languages.

There is a pause.

TYRION Ah!

TYRION begins to laugh. MISSANDEI smiles and sips her wine.

GREY WORM: That is the worst joke I ever heard.

MISSANDEI: You dont even know what a joke is.

GREY WORM: I am soldier all my life. You think I never hear joke?

TYRION: You lied to us.

GREY WORM: I make joke.

MISSANDEI and TYRION laugh. GREY WORM smiles.

MISSANDEI: More jokes.

TYRION: I once walked into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass. The madam says- -

Bells begin to ring. GREY WORM stands and runs out of the room, shouting in Valyrian.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID SHORELINE

A fleet of white-sailed ships approaches Meereen. TYRION and MISSANDEI stare at at the ships.

MISSANDEI: The Masters have come for their property.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERRUN - LANNISTER/FREY ENCAMPMENT
JAIME rides horseback through the encampment, approaches a tent, dismounts, and enters.

JAIME: Lord Edmure.

EDMUREs hands are behind his back, his wrists bound around a vertical pole in the center of the tent. He is kneeling.

JAIME: I apologize for the way the Freys treated you. A man of your birth deserved better. You have my word youll be properly fed and clothes from now on.

EDMURE stands.

EDMURE: I have your word?

EDMURE scoffs.

EDMURE: Oh, good. Good, thats- - thats a fine thing. My uncle will never surrender the castle, ser. Whatever game youre playing.

JAIME: The Blackfish is an old man. A good death is all he can hope for. But you, you have a child now, Ive heard. A son you sired on your wedding night. Youre a potent man.

EDMURE: A son Ive never met born of a wife that I havent seen since our first night together.

JAIME: You should be with them both. I can arrange that, you realize? Comfortable rooms for you at Casterly Rock. A tutor for your boy, knights to train him to fight and to ride. And when he comes of age, hell have a keep of his own.

EDMURE: Do you imagine yourself a decent person? Is that it? After youve massacred my family. Kept me in a cell for years. Stolen our lands.

JAIME: Ill remind you that our houses are at war. Im sorry if this conflict has inconvenienced you, but rebelling against the Crown does have consequences.

EDMURE: Says the man who shoved his sword through his kings back.

JAIME: Did I give you the impression that this was a negotiation? Its not.

JAIME sits on a barrel in the corner of the room.

EDMURE: You understand. On some level you understand that youre an evil man.

JAIME: Ill leave the judgments to the gods.

EDMURE: Well, that is convenient for you. Youre a fine-looking fellow, arent you?

EDMURE chuckles.

EDMURE: Your square jaw, your golden armor. Tell me, I want to know. I truly do. How do you live with yourself? All of us have to believe that were decent, dont we? You have to sleep at night. How do you tell yourself that youre decent after everything that youve done?

JAIME: I was your sisters prisoner once. She hit me on the head with a rock if I remember correctly.

EDMURE laughs.

EDMURE: Yeah. She should have killed you.

JAIME: Perhaps, but she didnt. Catelyn Stark hated me just like you hate me. But I didnt hate her. I admired her. Far more than her husband or her son.

EDMURE: Do you think I care whom you admire and whom you dont?

JAIME: No, I dont, but Im telling you anyway because youre my prisoner. You dont have a choice. The love she had for her children, I was a little awed by it. Reminded me of my sister.

EDMURE: Oh. Oh, I see. Youre a madman.

JAIME: Im not here to trade insults. Your sister was a strong- -

EDMURE: Dont talk about Cat!

JAIME: Ill talk about whomever I want.

EDMURE grunts and struggles against his bindings.

JAIME: She loved her children. I suppose all mothers do, but Catelyn and Cersei, theres a fierceness you dont often see.

JAIME stands and walks closer to EDMURE.

JAIME: Theyd do anything to protect their babies.

JAIME gets in EDMUREs face.

JAIME: Start a war. Burn cities to ash. Free their worst enemies. The things we do for love.

EDMURE: You didnt come here to talk about our sisters.

JAIME: Thats exactly why I came here. I love Cersei. You can laugh at that if you want. You can sneer. It doesnt matter. She needs me. And to get back to her, I have to take Riverrun. Ill send for your baby boy.

EDMURE struggles against his bindings, pushing himself towards JAIME.

JAIME: And Ill launch him into Riverrun with a catapult. Because you dont matter to me, Lord Edmure. Your son doesnt matter to me. The people in the castle dont matter to me. Only Cersei. And if I have to slaughter every Tully who ever lived to get back to her, thats what Ill do.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERRUN - OUTER WALL

EDMURE crosses the bridge over Riverruns moat, carrying a torch. Several guards point crossbows down at him. He stops at the end of the bridge.

GUARD CAPTAIN: Who goes there?

EDMURE: Edmure Tully, son of Hoster Tully, and the rightful Lord of Riverrun. I demand entry.

BRYNDEN appears on the wall with the guards.

BRYNDEN: Dont let him in.

GUARD CAPTAIN: Hes the Lord of Riverrun. I have to obey his commands.

BRYNDEN: Hes been their captive ever since they murdered his king at the Red Wedding. Why do you think the people who murdered his king at the Red Wedding would decide to let him come home? Because its a trap, you idiot. Dont let him in.

BRYNDEN turns to walk away.

GUARD CAPTAIN: Hes my lord, my lord. Ive sworn to serve the Lord of Riverrun and obey his commands.

BRYNDEN turns back.

BRYNDEN: Youre not obeying Edmures commands. Youre obeying the fucking Kinglsayers commands.

EDMURE (O.S.): I demand entry.

GUARD CAPTAIN: My lord has given an order.

BRYNDEN: WIth a knife to his throat. That is not a valid order.

The guard captain turns to his fellow guards.

GUARD CAPTAIN: Lower the drawbridge and open the gate for Lord Ed- -

BRYNDEN unsheathes his sword halfway. The guard captain and the other guards show their steel.

BRYNDEN: Ill have your head before I surrender Riverrun.

GUARD CAPTAIN: You are not lord of this castle, my lord.

BRYNDEN looks around at the other guards, sheathes his sword, and walks away.

GUARD CAPTAIN: Lower the drawbridge!

GUARD: Aye, ser!

The drawbridge begins to open. EDMURE stares back across the Lannister/Frey encampment. JAIME waits on his horse. BLACK WALDER rides up beside JAIME. The drawbridge fully extends. EDMURE walks inside.

BLACK WALDER (to JAIME): If youre wrong, were just surrendered our most valuable prisoner.

The drawbridge closes behind EDMURE. Riverrun soldiers are gathered to meet him. BRYNDEN appears in the rear of their ranks. EDMURE spots BRYNDEN, hands his torch to one of the soldiers, and walks up the stairs to the top of the outer wall.

GUARD CAPTAIN: Welcome home, my lord.

EDMURE: Command all the forces within the castle to lay down their arms. Open the gates.

GUARD CAPTAIN: My lord- -

EDMURE: Your lord has given a command.

The drawbridge opens. JAIME glances at BLACK WALDER and rides towards Riverrun. The Lannister and Frey forces follow him into Riverrun.

EDMURE: Find the Blackfish. Put him in irons and hand him over to the Freys.

GUARD CAPTAIN (to a guard): Find him.

The Riverrun soldiers lay down their arms in a pile as the Lannister forces enter the castle.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERRUN - RIVER EXIT

BRYNDEN, PODRICK, and BRIENNE emerge from a doorway. BRYNDEN places the torch in a sconce and stands in the doorway. PODRICK gets onto a small rowboat floating on the surface of the river. BRIENNE kneels to steady the rowboat for PODRICK, then turns back to look at BRYNDEN.

BRYNDEN: Go on.

BRYNDEN stands and faces him.

BRIENNE: Come with us.

BRYNDEN: Ive run before from the Red Wedding. Im not running again. This is my family home.

BRIENNE: Your family is in the North. Come with us. Dont die for pride when you can fight for your blood.

BRYNDEN: Youll serve Sansa far better than I ever could.

Some guards begin shouting in the background.

BRYNDEN: Go on, now.

BRYNDEN unsheathes his sword.

BRYNDEN: I havent had a proper sword fight in years. I expect Ill make a damn fool of myself.

BRYNDEN heads through the doorway and back up the steps. BRIENNE watches him leave and then gets on the rowboat.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERRUN - COURTYARD

Lannister and Frey banners are being draped all over the courtyard. Lannister soldiers walk over the fallen Tully banners.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERRUN - OUTER WALL

JAIME stands atop the outer wall. A Lannister guard enters and approaches him.

GUARD: We found the Blackfish, my lord.

JAIME: Good. Bring him to me.

GUARD: He died fighting, my lord.

JAIME nods to the guard. The guard exits. JAIME stares out at the river and sees BRIENNE and PODRICK rowing away from Riverrun. He looks around to see if anyone else is watching. BRIENNE looks over her shoulder and sees JAIME standing atop the wall. JAIME waves to her. BRIENNE waves back.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID SHORELINE
The Masters fleet is launching flaming projectiles at Meereen and the Great Pyramid, setting them ablaze.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID CONFERENCE ROOM

TYRION and MISSANDEI enter. GREY WORM is waiting for them. Many Unsullied stand guard around the room.

TYRION: I was wrong. I admit it.

MISSANDEI: That changes nothing.

TYRION: The Unsullied could mount a defense off the beachhead. If the slavers forces- -

GREY WORM: No more talking from you. Your talking gave us this.

TYRION: And I have acknowledged that. Im trying- -

GREY WORM: Youre trying to tell me what the army should do. You do not know what the army should do.

TYRION: All right, what should the army do?

GREY WORM: Well not go to the beach. If we go to the beach, the Masters will take the pyramid. The pyramid is the only place in the city we can defend. We stay here.

TYRION: And then?

GREY WORM: We wait for them to come to us. Then we fight them.

Something thuds and rattles the roof of the pyramid. Footsteps can be heard. Everyone looks up. MISSANDEI grabs a knife from a table and stands beside TYRION. GREY WORM and the Unsullied form up in front of the door to the balcony. One Unsullied opens the door. Another inches out through it, shield and spear in hand. The Unsullied man looks side to side and sees nothing, but then sees something and kneels. The rest of the Unsullied follow suit. DAENERYS enters. A dragon screeches and flies away in the background.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. RIVERLANDS - WOODS
SANDOR walks along the center of a path through the woods, carrying an ax and a satchel. He hears horses whinnying and the voices of men. He follows the sounds and happens upon BERIC DONDARRION, THOROS OF MYR, and other members of the Brotherhood Without Banners. They are preparing to hang LEM and two of his accomplices, who stand on blocks ith nooses tied around their necks. BERIC turns to see SANDOR. Some of the Brotherhood members brandish weapons.

BERIC: Clegane.

THOROS: What the fuck you doing here?

SANDOR: Chasing them. You?

THOROS: Hanging them.

SANDOR: Any particular reason?

BERIC: Theyre our men. Or they were. They attacked a nearby sept and murdered the villagers. Why do you want them?

SANDOR: Same reason. I was helping build it. They killed a friend of mine.

THOROS: Youve got friends?

SANDOR: Not anymore. Theyre mine.

SANDOR advances. BERIC and another member of the Brotherhood block his path.

BERIC: Its the Brotherhoods good name theyve dragged through the dirt.

SANDOR: Fuck your name. Theyre mine. I killed you once before, Dondarrion. Happy to do it again.

One of the Brotherhood members notches an arrow and points his bow at SANDOR.

SANDOR: Drop that arrow, you bloody girl.

SANDOR points his ax at the man but keeps his eyes locked on BERIC.

SANDOR: Tougher girls than you have tried to kill me.

SANDOR walks towards the bowman.

BERIC: You can have one of them.

SANDOR turns back to face BERIC, glances at the men about to be hanged, then looks back at BERIC.

SANDOR: Two.

BERIC looks at THOROS. THOROS nods. BERIC nods to SANDOR. SANDOR approaches one of the men and raises his ax above his head to swing. THOROS catches the axs handle from behind.

THOROS: No, no, no.

SANDOR turns to face THOROS and tries to wrench his ax free.

THOROS: Were not butchers. We hang them.

THOROS releases SANDORs ax.

SANDOR: hanging? All over in an instant. Wheres the punishment in that?

THOROS: They die.

SANDOR: We all bloody die.

SANDOR gestures to BERIC.

SANDOR: Except this one here. Ill only gut one of them.

BERIC: No.

SANDOR: Ill chop off one hand.

BERIC: We gave you two of the three out of respect for your loss. Thats generous.

SANDOR: Bunch of nancies.

SANDOR throws down his ax.

SANDOR: There was a time I would have killed all seven of you just to gut these three.

THOROS: Youre getting old, Clegane.

SANDOR: Hes not.

SANDOR kicks the box out from underneath one of the men, hanging him. He moves in front of LEM.

LEM: Please dont. Ill give you anything.

SANDOR kicks the box out from underneath LEM, hanging him. LEM gasps for air. BERIC hangs the third man. SANDOR pulls the boot off of LEMs foot. BERIC and THOROS begin to walk away, but turn back to look at SANDOR. SANDOR takes off his own boot and sizes up LEMs boot to his own foot. He shoves his foot into LEMs boot and looks up at BERIC and THOROS.

SANDOR: Got anything to eat?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RIVERLANDS - BROTHERHOOD WITHOUT BANNERS ENCAMPMENT

Several members of the Brotherhood are sitting around small campfires. SANDOR, BERIC, and some other Brothers are sitting at one such campfire. SANDOR is eating a piece of meat. THOROS approaches and sits beside them.

THOROS (to SANDOR): Enjoying yourself?

SANDOR: I prefer chicken.

THOROS hands SANDOR a water skin. SANDOR drinks from it.

BERIC: You ought to join us. We could use you.

SANDOR: I tried joining. Didnt work out for me.

THOROS: Clegane, were here for a reason. The Lord of Light is keeping Beric alive for a reason. He gave a failed, drunk priest the power to bring him back for a reason. We are part of something larger than ourselves.

SANDOR: Lots of horrible shit in this world gets done for something larger than ourselves.

SANDOR returns the water skin to THOROS, stands, walks to the river, and urinates into it.

BERIC: Cold winds are rising in the North.

SANDOR: And youre going to go stop them?

BERIC: We need good men to help us.

SANDOR: Last time you saw me, you wanted to execute me.

BERIC: True enough. But the Lord of Light gave you the power to defeat me. Why?

SANDOR laughs.

SANDOR: I beat you because Im better than you, Beric. I was better than you before you started yammering on about the Lord and Im better than you now.

SANDOR returns to his spot by the campfire and sits.

BERIC: Aye, youre probably right. Youre a fighter. You were born a fighter. You walked away from the fight. How did that go? Good and bad, young and old, the things were fighting will destroy them all alike. You can still help a lot more than youve harmed Clegane, its not too late for you.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BRAAVOS - LADY CRANES APARTMENT
ARYA is sleeping. LADY CRANE enters the bedroom, sits down beside ARYA, and strokes her face. ARYA stirs and groans. LADY CRANE stands and walks back into the abutting room. She retrieves a stool and stands atop it, reaching for a bottle on top of a bureau. She turns around and sees a young man with blonde hair. Cut to ARYAs perspective. There is a thud. ARYA awakens with a gasp and looks around. She sees a shadow moving in the abutting room.

ARYA: Lady Crane?

ARYA gets out of bed and winces. She walks towards the abutting room.

ARYA: Lady Crane?

ARYA enters the abutting room and sees LADY CRANE lying crumpled on top of the stool, dead. Blood is pooled on the ground beneath her.

WAIF: If youd have done your job, she would have died painlessly.

ARYA turns to see the WAIF standing in the doorway with a knife. The WAIF approaches ARYA slowly and ARYA backs away, matching her pace.

WAIF: Instead

The WAIF holds out her arms.

WAIF: The Many-Faced God was promised a name. He must always receive what is his. You cant change that. I cant change that. No one can. And now hes been promised another name.

ARYA turns around, runs out onto the balcony, and jumps off. She grunts as her hands and feet connect with the ground. The sprints off through the streets, pushing people out of the way. The WAIF emerges from the door to LADY CRANEs apartment, spies ARYA, and chases after her. ARYA runs through an alleyway. A man pushes a cart in her way. She slides underneath it and continues running. The WAIF jumps clean over the cart. ARYA turns a corner and runs down a set of stairs. A woman dumps a barrel of water on the ground outside the door to a room at the bottom of the steps. ARYA sees her and darts into the room. The WAIF turns the corner to the steps but stops when she does not see ARYA. The room ARYA has entered is a sauna. She moves through it. A number of men in towels are relaxing in the heat. ARYA emerges from the door on the opposite side of the sauna and looks around. She enters the crowd, walking through it. The WAIF appears on a high wall behind her, then jumps down into the crowd. ARYA turns back to see her and runs away. The WAIF pursues her. ARYA reaches the end of the marketplace and jumps off a high wall. She lands on a large set of steps where many fruit merchants have laid their baskets. She tumbles down the steps, knocking over the baskets as she goes and grunting with pain. The crowd clamors. ARYA comes to a stop at the bottom of the steps. She puts her hand to her stomach. Her hand comes away bloody. The WAIF appears at the top of the steps. ARYA sees her, stands, and throws herself over a small wall into an alleyway. The WAIF follows her. ARYA whimpers as she moves through the alleyway. She leaves blood stains on everything she touches. She enters a small, dark room, lit by a single candle. The WAIF follows her inside, knife in hand. ARYA kneels in the small living space she has made for herself. The WAIF enters and shuts the door behind her.

WAIF: It will all be over soon. On your knees or on your feet?

ARYA retrieves Needle from beneath a blanket and stands.

WAIF: Havent we been through this already? That wont help you.

The WAIF advances. ARYA holds Needle up in front of her face, closes her eyes, and cuts the candle in half. The room goes dark.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BRAAVOS - HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE

JAQEN enters the main hall. He notices a blood trail on the floor leading to the Hall of Faces. He follows the trail and enters the Hall. The trail leads to one of the columns bearing the faces. The WAIFs bloody face rests in one of the sconces.

ARYA: You told her to kill me.

ARYA appears behind JAQEN, pointing Needle at him. JAQEN turns to face her.

JAQEN: Yes. But here you are. And there she is.

JAQEN pushes his chest against Needles point.

JAQEN: Finally a girl is no one.

ARYA: A girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell and Im going home.

JAQEN smiles. ARYA turns and exits.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

EXT. MEEREEN - HARBOR
The Masters men are launching flaming projectiles at the Great Pyramid and surrounding city from their ships. DAENERYS watches from atop a balcony of the Great Pyramid. She returns to the interior, to the conference room where TYRION awaits. DAENERYS approaches him. An explosion occurs outside.

TYRION: Despite appearances, I think youll find the citys on the rise.

An explosion occurs outside.

TYRION: Perhaps we should take shelter.

An explosion occurs outside.

DAENERYS: The city is on the rise?

TYRION: Meereen is strong. Commerce has returned to the markets. The people are behind you.

An explosion occurs outside.

TYRION: Well, not all the people, of course. No ruler that ever lived had the support of all the people. But the rebirth of Meereen is the cause of this violence. The Masters cannot let Meereen succeed. Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without Masters

An explosion occurs outside.

TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.

DAENERYS: Good. Shall we begin?

TYRION: Do we have a plan?

DAENERYS: I will crucify the Masters. I will set their fleets afire, kill every last one of their soldiers, and return their cities to the dirt. That is my plan.

TYRION tightens his jaw and looks away.

DAENERYS: You dont approve?

TYRION: You once told me you knew what your father was. Did you know his plans for Kings Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?

An explosion occurs outside.

TYRION: Probably not. Well, he told my brother and Jaime told me. He had caches of wildfire hidden under the Red Keep, the Guildhalls, the Sept of Baelor, all the major thoroughfares. He would have burned every one of his citizens. The loyal ones and the trators. Every man, woman, and child. Thats why Jaime killed him.

DAENERYS: This is entirely different.

TYRION: Youre talking about destroying cities. Its not entirely different. Id like to suggest an alternate approach.

A blast causes the window across the room to explode inward, sending shards of wood flying everywhere. DAENERYS and TYRION duck, then turn to look at the window.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - PLATEAU

DAENERYS, TYRION, GREY WORM, MISSANDEI, and an assembly of Unsullied stand across from the three Masters, YEZZAN ZO QAGGAZ, RAZDAL MO ERAZ, and BELICHO PAENYMION, and a group of their soldiers.

RAZDAL (to DAENERYS): Once before, I offered you peace. If you had not been so arrogant, you could have returned to your homeland with a fleet of ships. Instead, you will flee Slavers Bay on foot like the beggar queen you are.

TYRION: We are here to discuss terms of surrender, not to trade insults.

YEZZAN: The terms are simple. You and your foreign friends will abandon the Great Pyramid and the city of Meereen. The Unsullied you stole from Kraznys mo Nakloz will remain to be sold again to the highest bidder. The translator you stole from Kraznys mo Nakloz will remain to be sold again to the highest bidder. The dragons beneath the Great Pyramid will be slaughtered.

DAENERYS: We obviously didnt communicate clearly. Were here to discuss your surrender, not mine.

RAZDAL: I imagine its difficult adjust to the new reality. Your reign is over.

DAENERYS: My reign has just begun.

A dragon screeches in the distance. YEZZAN turns to look in the direction of the screech. DROGON flies up over the plateau and lands on an overlooking structure. He roars and drops down beside DAENERYS. DAENERYS climbs on his back and they fly off over Meereen. When they pass over the entrance to the catacombs, RHAEGAL and VISERION bust down the door with flame and take flight to join them. The ensemble flies over the beach entrance to Meereen.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - BEACH ENTRANCE

A group of the Sons of the Harpy are slaughtering citizens of Meereen. Galloping footsteps can be heard in the distance. One of the Sons of the Harpy turns to look in the direction of the sound. The Dothraki horde led by DAARIO rounds the bend of a nearby cliff, yelling war cries and charging full force towards the Sons of the Harpy on horseback. DAARIO beheads a Son of the Harpy.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - HARBOR

DAENERYS and the dragons fly over the Masters ships. The soldiers on the ships stop what theyre doing and stare up at the dragons. DAENERYS and DROGON come to a halt and hover in front of one of the ships.

DAENERYS: Dracarys.

The dragons shoot stream of fire down at the the ship. The ship becomes engulfed in flame and the soldiers scream as they die. The ship incinerates and capsizes.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - PLATEAU

GREY WORM steps forward and addresses the Masters soldiers.

GREY WORM (speaking Valyrian): You men have a choice:

The Unsullied ready their spears. The Masters soldiers ready their swords.

GREY WORM: ...fight and die for the masters who would never fight and die for you, or go home to your families.

A dragon screeches in the distance. The Masters soldiers lay down their arms and run away.

TYRION: Thank you for the armada. Our queen does love ships. Now, last time we spoke, we made a pact. You violated that pact. You declared war upon us. Though our queen does have a forgiving nature, this cannot be forgiven.

MISSANDEI: Our queen insists that one of you must die as punishment for your crimes.

TYRION: It always seems a bit abstract, doesnt it, other people dying?

RAZDAL grabs YEZZAN.

RAZDAL: Him. He should die.

BELICHO: Yes, him.

TYRION looks at GREY WORM.

RAZDAL: Hes not one of us. Hes an outsider, a lowborn. He does not speak for us.

GREY WORM approaches the YEZZAN and stares in his eyes.

YEZZAN: Please.

YEZZAN falls to his knees. GREY WORM unsheathes his dagger and slices RAZDAL and BELICHOs throats. He sheathes his dagger and steps back. TYRION approaches YEZZAN and puts his hand on his shoulder.

TYRION: Tell your people what happened here. Tell them you live by the grace of Her Majesty. When they come forward with notions of retribution or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the what happened when Daenerys Stormborn and her dragons came to Meereen.

TYRION pats YEZZAN on the shoulder. He, GREY WORM, and MISSANDEI walk away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - OUTSKIRTS
JON SNOW, SANSA, DAVOS, TORMUND, LYANNA MORMONT, and some Stark bannermen sit on horseback, waiting. RAMSAY, HARALD KARSTARK, SMALLJON UMBER, and a group of Bolton soldiers approach on horseback. They come to a halt in front of JON SNOW and compnay.

JON SNOW: You dont have to be here.

SANSA: Yes, I do.

RAMSAY: My beloved wife. Ive missed you terribly.

RAMSAY looks at JON SNOW.

RAMSAY: Thank you for returning Lady Bolton safely. Now, dismount and kneel before me, surrender your army and proclaim me the true Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North. I will pardon you for deserting the Nights Watch. I will pardon these treasonous lords for betraying my house. Come, bastard, you dont have the men, you dont have the horses, and you dont have Winterfell. Why lead those pour souls into slaughter? Theres no need for a battle. Get off your hose and kneel. Im a man of mercy.

JON SNOW: Youre right. Theres no need for a battle. Thousands of men dont need to die. Only one of us. Lets end this the old way. You against me.

RAMSAY chuckles.

RAMSAY: I keep hearing stories about you, bastard. The way people in the North talk about you, youre the greatest swordsman who ever walked. Maybe you are that good. Maybe not. I dont know if Id beat you. But I know that my army will beat yours. I have 6,000 men. You have, what, half that? Not even?

JON SNOW: Aye, you have the numbers. Will your men want to fight for you when they hear you wouldnt fight for them?

RAMSAY points at JON SNOW.

RAMSAY: Hes good. Very good. Tell me, will you let your little brother die because youre too proud to surrender?

SANSA: How do we know you have him?

RAMSAY nods to SMALLJON. SMALLJON pulls SHAGGYDOGs head out from a satchel and throws it on the ground.

RAMSAY: Now, if you want to save 

SANSA: Youre going to die tomorrow, Lord Bolton. Sleep well.

SANSA turns her horse and rides away.

RAMSAY (to JON SNOW): Shes a fine woman, your sister. I look forward to having her back in my bed. And youre all fine-looking men. My dogs are desperate to meet you. I havent fed them for seven days. Theyre ravenous. I wonder which parts theyll try first. Your eyes? Your balls? Well find out soon enough. In the morning, then, bastard.

RAMSAY and company ride back towards Winterfell. JON SNOW looks down.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: STARK ENCAMPMENT - CONFERENCE TENT

JON SNOW, DAVOS, TORMUND, and SANSA are standing around a planning table.

JON SNOW: If he was smart, hed stay inside the walls of Winterfell and wait us out.

DAVOS: Thats not his way. He knows the North is watching. If the other houses sense weakness on his part, theyll stop fearing him. He cant have that. Fear is his power.

JON SNOW: Its his weakness, too. His mean dont want to fight for him. Theyre forced to fight for him. If they feel the tide turning...

TORMUND: Its not his men that worry me. Its his horses. I know what mounted knights can do to us.

TORMUND looks at DAVOS.

TORMUND: You and Stannis cut through us like piss through snow.

JON SNOW: Were digging trenches all along our flanks. They wont be able to hit us the way that Stannis hit you, in a double envelopment.

TORMUND stares blankly at JON SNOW.

JON SNOW: A pincer move.

TORMUND stares blankly at JON SNOW. JON SNOW and DAVOS look at each other briefly.

JON SNOW: They wont be able to hit us from the sides.

TORMUND: Good.

DAVOS: Its crucial that we let them charge at us. Theyve got the numbers, we need the patience. If we let him buckle our center, hell pursue. Then well have him surrounded on three sides.

TORMUND (to JON SNOW): Did you really think that cunt would fight you man to man?

JON SNOW: No. But I wanted to make him angry. I want him coming at us full tilt.

DAVOS: We should all get some sleep.

TORMUND: Rest, Jon Snow. We need you sharp tomorrow.

DAVOS, TORMUND, and any remaining attendants exit. JON SNOW sits down at the head of the table.

SANSA: So youve met the enemy, drawn up your battle plans.

JON SNOW: Aye, for what theyre worth.

SANSA: Youve known him for the space of a single conversation, you and your trusted advisors, and you sit around and make your plans on how to defeat a man you dont know. I lived with him. I know the way his mind works. I know how he likes to hurt people. Did it ever once occur to you that I might have some insight?

JON SNOW: Youre right.

SANSA: You think hes going to fall into your trap. He wont Hes the one who lays traps.

JON SNOW: Hes overconfident.

SANSA: He plays with people. Hes far better at it than you. Hes been doing it all his life.

JON SNOW stands.

JON SNOW: Aye, and what have I been doing all my life? Playing with broomsticks? I fought beyond the Wall against worse than Ramsay Bolton. Ive defended the Wall from worse than Ramsay Bolton.

SANSA: You dont know him.

JON SNOW: All right, tell me. What should we do? How do we get Rickon back?

SANSA: Well never get him back. Rickon is Ned Starks trueborn son, which makes him a greater threat to Ramsay than you, a bastard, or me, a girl. As long as he lives, Ramsays claim to Winterfell will be contested, which means he wont live long.

JON SNOW: We cant give up on our brother.

SANSA: Listen to me, please. He wants you to make a mistake.

JON SNOW: Of course he does. What should I do differently?

SANSA: I dont know! I dont know anything about battles! Just dont do what he wants you to do.

JON SNOW: Aye, thats good advice.

SANSA: You think thats obvious?

JON SNOW: Well, it is a bit obvious.

SANSA: If you had asked for my advice earlier, I would have told you not to attack Winterfell until we have a larger force, or is that obvious, too?

JON SNOW: When will we have a larger force?! Weve pleaded with every house thatll have us! The Blackfish cant help us! Were lucky to have this many men!

SANSA: Its not enough!

JON SNOW: Now, its not enough! Its what we have! Battles have been won against greater odds.

SANSA: If Ramsay wins, Im not going back there alive. Do you understand me?

JON SNOW I wont ever let him touch you again. Ill protect you, I promise.

SANSA: No one can protect me. No one can protect anyone.

SANSA exits. JON SNOW turns, looks at the table, and sighs.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: STARK ENCAMPMENT

DAVOS and TORMUND are walking together through the encampment.

DAVOS: You think theres hope?

TORMUND: Ive never seen these Bolton fuckers fight. And theyve never seen the free folk fight, so, yes, theres hope. You want to avenge your king, dont you?

DAVOS: It wasnt the Boltons defeated Stannis. It was Stannis himself. I loved the man. He lifted me up and made me something. But he had demons in his skull whispering foul things.

TORMUND: You saw these demons?

DAVOS: What?

They stop walking. DAVOS looks at TORMUND.

DAVOS: No, its a manner of speaking. Not actual demons.

TORMUND: Oh. Well, you loved that cunt Stannis and I loved the man he burned. Mance didnt have demons in his skull. He didnt torch people or listen to some red witch. I believed in him. I thought he was the man to lead us through the Long Night. But I was wrong just like you.

DAVOS: Maybe that was our mistake, believing in kings.

TORMUND: Jon Snows not a king.

DAVOS: No, hes not.

TORMUND and DAVOS smile at each other.

TORMUND: I need a good drink to help me sleep the night before a fight. You want some? I have a jug of sour goats milk stronger than any of that grape water you southern twats like sucking on.

DAVOS: No, thanks. It does sound delicious, but I better keep a clear head. I can never sleep the night before a battle.

TORMUND: So what do you do all night?

DAVOS: I walk. Think and walk. Think and walk until Im far enough away from camp that no one can hear me shitting my guts out.

TORMUND laughs.

TORMUND: Happy shitting.

TORMUND walks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: STARK ENCAMPMENT - MELISANDRES TENT

MELISANDRE is sitting at a desk with a mirror and candles on it, staring into a fire pit. JON SNOW enters and approaches her.

JON SNOW: My lady. You werent at the war council.

MELISANDRE: Im not a soldier.

JON SNOW: Any advice?

MELISANDRE: Dont lose.

JON SNOW: If I do, if I fall, dont bring me back.

MELISANDRE: Ill have to try.

JON SNOW: Im ordering you not to bring me back.

MELISANDRE: I am not your servant, Jon Snow.

JON SNOW: Youre in my camp. Im the commander.

MELISANDRE: I serve the Lord of Light. I do what he commands.

JON SNOW: How do you know what he commands?

MELISANDRE: I interpret his signs as well as I can. If the Lord didnt want me to bring you back, how did I bring you back? I have no power. Only what he gives me and he gave me you.

JON SNOW: Why?

MELISANDRE: I dont know. Maybe youre only needed for this small part of his plan and nothing else. Maybe he brought you here to die again.

JON SNOW: What kind of god would do something like that?

MELISANDRE: The one weve got.

JON SNOW stares into the fire pit and then exits.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: STARK ENCAMPMENT - OUTSKIRTS

DAVOS is walking alone through the snow. He happens upon a pile of wooden rubble and stops to inspect it. He sees a charred statuette of a stag in the wood and stops to pick it up. He looks back at the pile of wood. A horn blows in the distance. DAVOS looks in the direction of the horn, then hands his head.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID THRONE ROOM
DAENERYS is sitting on the throne. TYRION stands beside her. They are attending to THEON and YARA, who are standing on the steps in front of them.

TYRION (to THEON): Last time we saw each other was at Winterfell, yes? You were making jokes about my height, I seem to recall. Everyone who makes a joke about a dwarfs height thinks hes the only person ever to make a joke about a dwarfs height. The height of nobility, a man of your stature, someone to look up to. Youre all making the same five or six jokes.

THEON: It was a long time ago.

TYRION: It was. And how have things been going for you since then? Not so well, I gather. Cant imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things had been going well.

THEON: I didnt murder the Stark boys. But I did things that were just as bad or worse.

YARA: And he paid for them.

TYRION: Doesnt seem like it. Hes still alive. It was complicated for you, Im sure, growing up at Winterfell. Never quite knowing who you were. But then, we all live complicated lives, dont we?

DAENERYS: Youve brought us 100 ships from the Iron Fleet with men to sail them. In return, I expect you want me to support your claim to the throne of the Iron Islands?

THEON: Not my claim. Hers.

DAENERYS: And whats wrong with you?

THEON: Im not fit to rule.

TYRION: We can agree upon that at least.

DAENERYS: Has the Iron Islands ever had a queen before?

YARA: No more than Westeros.

DAENERYS smiles.

THEON: Our Uncle Euron returned home after a long absence. He murdered our father and took the Salt Throne from yara. He would have murdered us if we had stayed.

DAENERYS: Lord Tyrion tells me your father was a terrible king.

YARA: You and I have that in common.

DAENERYS: We do. And both murdered by a usurper as well.

DAENERYS turns to TYRION.

DAENERYS: Will their ships be enough?

TYRION: With the former Masters fleet, possibly. Barely. There are more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet.

THEON: There are and Euron is building more. Hes going to offer them to you.

DAENERYS: So why shouldnt I wait for him?

THEON: The Iron Fleet isnt all hes bringing. He also wants to give you --

YARA: His big cock, I think he said. Eurons offer is also an offer of marriage, you see. You wont get one without the other.

DAENERYS: And I imagine your offer is free of any marriage demands?

YARA: I never demand, but Im up for anything, really.

THEON: He murdered our father and would have murdered us. Hell murder you as soon as you have what he wants.

TYRION: The Seven Kingdoms.

THEON: All of them.

DAENERYS: And you dont want the Seven Kingdoms?

THEON: Your ancestors defeated ours and took the Iron Islands. We ask you to give them back.

DAENERYS: And thats all?

YARA: Wed like you to help us murder an uncle or two who dont think a womans fit to rule.

DAENERYS: Reasonable.

TYRION: What if everyone starts demanding their independence?

DAENERYS: Shes not demanding, shes asking. The others are free to ask as well. Our father were evil men, all of us here. They left the world worse than they found it. Were not going to do that. Were going to leave the world better than we found it.

DAENERYS stands and approaches YARA.

DAENERYS: You will support my claim as queen of the Seven Kingdoms and respect the integrity of the Seven Kingdoms. No more reaving, roving, raiding, or raping.

YARA: Thats our way of life.

DAENERYS: No more.

YARA and THEON look at each other. THEON nods. YARA turns back to DAENERYS.

YARA: No more.

YARA extends her hand to DAENERYS. DAENERYS looks back at TYRION. TYRION makes a shaking motion with his hand. DAENERYS and YARA grab each others arms.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - OUTSKIRTS
The Stark and Bolton armies sit across the battlefield from one another. DAVOS sits on horseback among the ranks of the Stark army. JON SNOW rides his own horse through the ranks, looking at the men. He rides up next to TORMUND and WUN WUN, at the front of the line. Across the battlefield, X-shaped pyres resembling the sigil of House Bolton are burning. Attached to each of them is the body of a flayed man, strapped upside down. RAMSAY rides through the ranks of the Bolton army on horseback with a rope in his hand. RAMSAY reaches the front of the line and dismounts. The rope is revealed to be tied around RICKONs hands. RAMSAY ushers RICKON a little further out past the front line and stares at JON SNOW across the field. He unsheathes a dagger and raises it in the air. JON SNOW dismounts and walks a few paces out into the field. RAMSAY lowers the dagger and cuts RICKONs bindings.

RAMSAY: Do you like games, little man? Lets play a game. Run to your brother. The sooner you make it to him, the sooner you get to see him. Thats it. Thats the game. Easy. Ready? Go.

RICKON starts walking out into the field, then looks back at RAMSAY.

RAMSAY: No, you have to run, remember? Those are the rules.

A soldier approaches and hands RAMSAY his bow. RICKON starts running across the field. RAMSAY draws an arrow from his quiver. JON SNOW jumps on his horse and begins galloping across the field towards RICKON. RAMSAY notches an arrow and fires. The arrow lands in the ground next to RICKON. RAMSAY fires another arrow. It lands on the ground next to RICKON. JON SNOW and RICKON are getting closer. JON SNOW extends his hand out to RICKON. RAMSAY shoots another arrow. It misses. JON SNOW and RICKON are feet away from each other. An arrow pierces through RICKONs chest from behind. RICKON falls to the ground. JON comes to a halt beside him and looks down at him. RICKON gasps and then dies. JON SNOW looks up at RAMSAY.

TORMUND (to himself): Dont.

RAMSAY smiles and gives his bow back to the soldier.

DAVOS: Prepare to charge! Prepare to charge!

The Bolton archers draw and loose a volley of arrows. JON SNOW ushers his horse into a gallop straight towards the Bolton army.

DAVOS: Go! Go! Follow your commander!

TORMUND: Run and fight!

WUN WUN roars. The bulk of the Stark forces charge across the field towards the Boltons. JON SNOW continues to rush the Bolton forces alone. The Bolton arches released a volley of arrows, some of which land in the body of JON SNOWs horse, causing him and his horse to tumble to the ground.

RAMSAY: Now.

KARSTARK: Cavalry, charge!

JON SNOW stands to face the Bolton cavalry, charging at him. He takes off his sword belt and draws his sword. The cavalry approaches. Just before its upon him, the Stark forces rush past JON SNOW and collide with the Bolton charge. Men on both sides die in the frenzy. Bodies and weaponry fly everywhere. Archers on both sides of the battlefield nock arrows and draw their bows.

DAVOS: Well just kill our own men. Stand down.

The Stark arches do not fire.

RAMSAY: Loose!

The Bolton archers fire. Their arrows rain down on Stark and Bolton men alike. In the fray, JON SNOW dodges several horses which gallop past him. One Bolton cavalryman charges with his horse, but JON SNOW cuts him down. JON SNOW rushes forward and kills a man on the ground, then slices the belly of a second man. A volley of arrows rains down around JON SNOW. He ducks. None of the arrows hit him. He returns to his feet and cuts down another man, dodges the strike of a passing Bolton cavalryman, and runs through another Bolton footsoldier. A Stark footsoldier helps him finish the Bolton man, and JON SNOW grabs him by the shirt.

JON SNOW: Get word --

The Stark footsoldier is taken in the head by an arrow. JON SNOW stares down at the man and then flies into a rage, killing two more Bolton soldiers. A third man runs at him but is knocked down by a galloping horse. JON SNOW runs over to where he landed and stabs him several times. A horseman gallops at JON SNOW with his ax ready, but a passing Stark cavalryman spears him. Another Bolton footsoldier approaches JON SNOW, but JON SNOW cuts him down. The bodies are beginning to pile up on the battlefield. RAMSAYs archers loose several more volleys. JON SNOW goes into a frenzy, killing many Bolton men. The bodies have piled up high enough to create small mountains of bodies. Men continue to fight atop and around them.

DAVOS: We may as well be taking shits back here.

DAVOS dismounts his horse.

DAVOS: Follow!

DAVOS unsheathes his sword and charges across the field. The remainder of the Stark forces charge after him. On the other side of the battlefield, RAMSAY smiles and acknowledges SMALLJON.

RAMSAY: Its time, go.

SMALLJON brandishes his sword and walks back and forth in front of his men.

SMALLJON: Who owns the North?

ALL: We do!

SMALLJON: Who owns the North?

ALL: We do!

SMALLJON: Show me!

SMALLJON and his men cheer and charge across the battlefield. JON SNOW continues fighting, but is knocked to the ground by a Bolton footsoldier. TORMUND appears and stabs the footsoldier through the back, then helps JON SNOW to his feet.

TORMUND: Hey!


WUN WUN and the Wildlings charge up behind TORMUND and JON SNOW. SMALLJON and his men are charging from the other side. WUN WUN points at them and grunts. A force of Bolton men appear bearing tall shields and spears. They create a half-circle around JON SNOW, TORMUND, DAVOS, WUN WUN, and the entire Stark forces. The other half of the circle is blocked by the piles of bodies on the battlefield. The shield soldiers set their shields firmly in the dirt, then point their spears inward towards the Stark forces.

MAN: Infantry, advance!

The shield soldiers grunt in unison, lift their shields, and move in towards the Stark forces. With each wave of movement, they stab more and more Stark soldiers with their spears. One Stark soldier tries to climb up over the piles of bodies but gets cut down by SMALLJON. SMALLJON and his men charge down over the bodies, taking the Stark forces from the rear.

DAVOS: With me, lads! Break their line!

WUN WUN rushes the shield wall and swipes at the spears. TORMUND jumps to the side of some spears and attacks a man behind the shield wall. Several other Stark men rush towards the shield wall. JON SNOW and other Stark soldiers defend against SMALLJONs men. Many soldiers die on both sides, and the bodies begin to pile up again. WUN WUN rips a man in half. TORMUND pulls a shieldbearer down and kills him, but gets sliced across the arm and is fored to fall back among the Stark ranks.

MAN: Tormund!

MAN #2: Get him back!

The shieldbearers advance, pushing the Stark forces further in on themselves. More Stark men die.

TORMUND: Fuck this, come on!

TORMUND leads the Wildlings back towards the piles of bodies. JON SNOW and SMALLJON spot each other, but before they can engage, the Wildling charge overtakes them. In the fray, JON SNOW is pushes to the bottom of several bodies and starts getting crushed. He struggles to get out, but cant get a hold. TORMUND faces off against SMALLJON. TORMUND punches SMALLJON in the face, and SMALLJON responds with an overhead swing of his sword. TORMUND blocks it. More and more bodies are piling on top of JON SNOW. He can see glimpses of clashes and flailing limbs above, but nothing else. He gasps for air. SMALLJON knocks TORMUND to the ground and punches him in the face multiple times. Men are dying all around JON SNOW as he is being trampled. JON SNOW grabs onto the clothes of a standing men and hoists himself up. He emerges in the center of a tightly packed group of his men and fills his lungs with air. He spots WUN WUN fighting off some shieldbearers. WUN WUN is stabbed in the side, grunts, and pulls the spear out. SMALLJON repeatedly headbutts TORMUND in the face. DAVOS and JON SNOW look at each other. A horn begins to sound in the distance. SMALLJON stops headbutting TORMUND. TORMUND seizes the opportunity and tears into the skin of SMALLJONs neck with his teeth, then draws a small knife and stabs SMALLJON repeatedly. RAMSAY looks in the direction of the sounding horn. A force of cavalry appears across the battlefield carrying flags bearing the white falcon sigil of House Arryn. SANSA and PETYR BAELISH sit on horseback beside the charging Arryn cavalry. TORMUND kills SMALLJON and screams. The Arryn cavalry takes the Bolton shieldbearers from the rear, then circles around and knocks them all down. SANSA smiles. JON SNOW climbs up to the top of the piles of bodies and spots RAMSAY on his horse. WUN WUN and TORMUND climb up beside JON SNOW. RAMSAY sees JON SNOW, turns his horse around, and rides back towards Winterfell. JON SNOW, TORMUND, and WUN WUN chase after him. SANSA watches them go.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL - COURTYARD

RAMSAY and several Bolton soldiers enter the courtyard through Winterfells main gate. Some men close and bar the gate behind them and they dismount.

RAMSAY: Their armys gone.

MAN: Our armys gone.

RAMSAY: We have Winterfell. They dont have the men for a siege. All we have to do is wait.

Something thuds against the gate. RAMSAY turns to look at it. Several Bolton archers nock arrows. Several more thuds occur against the other side of the gate. WUN WUN busts a hole in the gate. BOLTON archers shoot arrows at his hand and down at his body over the side of the castle wall. WUN WUN roars and punches another hole in the gate. RAMSAY moves farther away from the gates interior. WUN WUN reaches in and grabs the wooden bar holding the gate, but a Bolton soldier throws a spear through the back of his hand. WUN WUN rips his hand away and then bursts through the gate, opening it. He sprints into the courtyard, then falls to his knees. The Bolton archers continue shooting arrows into him. He roars. Stark soldiers flood the courtyard and beginning killing the Bolton soldiers, quickly overtaking them. JON SNOW enters the courtyard and runs up beside WUN WUN. They look at each other. TORMUND runs up beside WUN WUN, on his other side. JON SNOW reaches out to WUN WUN, but RAMSAY shoots WUN WUN in the eye with an arrow, killing him.

RAMSAY (to JON SNOW): You suggested one on one combat, didnt you?

Stark archers aim their bows at RAMSAY.

RAMSAY: Ive reconsidered. I think that sounds like a wonderful idea.

RAMSAY notches an arrow. JON SNOW drops his sword and picks up a shield. RAMSAY aims at JON SNOW and fires. JON SNOW raises his shield and blocks the arrow. JON SNOW advances. RAMSAY nocks another arrow and fires. JON SNOW raises his shield and blocks the arrow. JON SNOW advances. RAMSAY nocks a third arrow and fires. JON SNOW raises his shield and blocks the arrow. JON SNOW advances. Before RAMSAY can nock a fourth arrow, JON SNOW overtakes him. JON SNOW bashes RAMSAY with his shield twice, knocking him over. JON SNOW drops his shield and jumps on top of RAMSAY, then punches him in the raise over and over. RAMSAYs faces becomes mangled and bleeds. SANSA enters the courtyard. JON SNOW sees her and stops punching RAMSAY. He stands and walks away. The Bolton flags fall away from the walls of Winterfell and are replaced by Stark flags. MELISANDRE watches from a balcony. DAVOS, holding the charred stag statuette, stares up at her. Some Stark men carry RICKONs body into the courtyard on a stretcher and stop in front of JON SNOW, TORMUND, and SANSA.

JON SNOW: Were going to bury my brother in the crypt next to my father.

The stretcher men continue on. JON SNOW turns to walk away.

SANSA: Jon.

JON SNOW turns back to face SANSA.

SANSA: Where is he?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL - KENNELS

RAMSAY is tied to a chair inside the kennel gates. He is mangled and bleeding. He groans and coughs, then raises his head to see SANSA standing outside the gate.

RAMSAY: Ah. Sansa. Hello, Sansa. Is this where Ill be staying now? No. Our time together is about to come to an end. Thats all right. You cant kill me. Im part of you now.

SANSA: Your words will disappear. Your house will disappear. Your name will disappear. All memory of you will disappear.

The dogs growl in their cells and begin filtering out into the kennel.

RAMSAY: My hounds will never harm me.

SANSA: You havent fed them in seven days. You said it yourself.

RAMSAY: Theyre loyal beasts.

SANSA: They were. Now theyre starving.

The dogs growl. One approaches RAMSAY from the front and puts its front paws up on his legs. It sniffs RAMSAYs face.

RAMSAY: Sit. Down! Down! Down! Down! Down!

The dog bites RAMSAYs face. RAMSAY screams. The dogs converge on RAMSAY and begin tearing him apart. SANSA turns as though she might leave, but lingers for a moment to watch. SANSA turns and walks away, then smiles.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

INT. RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER
CERSEI is standing at the balcony looking out across Kings Landing at the Great Sept of Baelor.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - TOMMENS CHAMBER

TOMMEN is being dressed by an attendant.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - MARGAERYS CHAMBER

MARGAERY is being dressed by a handmaiden.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - PRAYER ROOM

The HIGH SPARROW dresses himself in a roughspun tunic, sliding his hands through the sleeves one by one.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - TOMMENS CHAMBER

The attendant places a large golden necklace around TOMMENs neck.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - MARGAERYS CHAMBER

The handmaiden finishes tying MARGAERYs dress and fixes her hair.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - TOMMENS CHAMBER

The attendant places TOMMENs crown on top of his head. TOMMEN looks out the window.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

A pair of Faith Militant men open the main door to the Sept. A crowd of nobles filters inside.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - LORAS CELL

LORAS sits in the back of his cell, muttering to himself. LANCEL and two other Faith Militant enter. LORAS cowers. The Faith Militant take hold of LORAS.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

The HIGH SPARROW and six other septons enter. They walk down the steps. MARGAERY appears in the crowd beside her father, MACE. She and the HIGH SPARROW exchange a glance as he walks by. The HIGH SPARROW and the other septons occupy seven chairs seated in a circle around the central chamber of the sept. MARGAERY looks around.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - TOMMENs CHAMBER

TOMMEN is sitting in a chair in the center of the room, looking out the window. His attendant enters.

ATTENDANT: Your Grace. The trial will be getting underway soon.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

A handmaiden connects a golden chain between two golden shoulder fastenings on CERSEIs dress.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - TOMMENS CHAMBER

TOMMEN says nothing. The attendant leaves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

The handmaiden places a ring on CERSEIs middle finger.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - MAESTER PYCELLES CHAMBER

PYCELLE is standing in front of a bureau. He picks up a piece of paper and reads it, then picks up his chain, places it around his neck, and looks in the mirror. A mistress lying on his bed stares at him in the reflection of the mirror.

MISTRESS: You got my money?

PYCELLE: Later. Go away.

The mistress stands and leaves. PYCELLE straightens himself out, sighs, and exits the room. In the hallway, he walks down a set of steps. A young girl appears on the steps behind him.

GIRL: Grand Maester.

PYCELLE turns back to look at her and walks over to her. He bends down and she whispers into his ear.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

LANCEL and a group of Faith Militant usher LORAS into the sept and down the steps. His hair has been shorn. MARGAERY stares at him. The Faith Militant lead him to the center of the room and move away. The HIGH SPARROW stands.

HIGH SPARROW: Ser Loras Tyrell. Are you prepared to stand trial and profess your guilt or innocence before the Seven?

LORAS: Therell be no need for a trial. I confess before the Seven and freely admit to my crimes.

HIGH SPARROW: To which crimes will you be confessing?

LORAS: All of them. I lay with other men including the traitor Renly Baratheon.

The crowd murmurs.

LORAS: I perjured myself before the gods. I am guilty of depravity dishonesty, profligacy, and arrogance. I see that now. I humble myself before the Seven and accept whatever punishment the gods deem just.

HIGH SPARROW: The gods judgment is fierce, but also fair. The Warrior punishes those who believe themselves beyond the reach of justice. But the Mother shows her mercy to those who kneel before her.

LORAS kneels.

LORAS: I take full responsibility for my many sins and unburden myself of my desires. My only remaining wish is to devote my life to the Seven. May I be a living example of their grace for others to witness.

HIGH SPARROW: You understand fully what this means?

LORAS: I do. I will abandon the Tyrell name and all that goes with it. I will renounce my lordship and my claims on Highgarden. I will never marry and I will never father children.

HIGH SPARROW: Brother Loras

LORAS begins to cry.

HIGH SPARROW: ...I ask you to dedicate your life to the seven gods.

The HIGH SPARROW touches LORAS face. LORAS looks up at him.

HIGH SPARROW: Will you fight to defend your faith against heretics and apostates?

LORAS: I will.

The HIGH SPARROW smiles. The HIGH SPARROW nods. Two Faith Militant approach LORAS and take him by the arms. A third approaches him from behind, draws a knife, and begins carving the mark of the Seven into LORAS forehead. MACE stirs.

MACE: No, I cant let them

MARGAERY blocks her father with her arm.

MARGAERY: Faith is the way, Father.

LORAS whinces.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

The handmaiden finishes dressing CERSEI and steps away from her.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - TOMMENS CHAMBER

Someone approaches TOMMEN.

TOMMEN: All right. Im ready.

TOMMEN stands and turns around. GREGOR is standing in the doorway.

TOMMEN: I have to go, Im-- Im late for the trial.

TOMMEN walks towards GREGOR. GREGOR puts his hand on TOMMENs shoulder, blocking his path.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

The handmaiden exits. CERSEI looks over her shoulder.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

The Faith Militant has finished carving LORASs forehead. KEVAN watches from the crowd. MARGAERY has made her way to the floor in front of the HIGH SPARROW.

MARGAERY: You mutilated him. You gave me your word.

HIGH SPARROW: Ive kept my word. Once the queen mothers trial is concluded, Brother Loras is free to leave.

MARGAERY: And where is the queen mother?

LANCEL: Her litter never left the Red Keep.

HIGH SPARROW: It appears the queen mother doesnt wish to attend her own trial.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

CERSEI pours herself a glass of wine.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

HIGH SPARROW (to LANCEL): Go to the Red Keep and show her the way.

LANCEL nods and exits with several Faith Militant.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

CERSEI walks to the balcony with her glass of wine.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - STEPS

LANCEL emerges onto the steps with the Faith Militant. He sees a boy running down the steps. The boy looks over his shoulder at LANCEL.

LANCEL: Get the others.

The other Faith Militant disperse. LANCEL looks over the railing and sees the boy enter a door at the foot of the steps.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - QYBURNS LAB

The young girl opens the door and leads PYCELLE inside. PYCELLE looks around.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - STEPS

LANCEL runs to the door the boy entered and then goes inside. It leads to a tunnel. LANCEL sees the boy running down the tunnel with a lit torch. He starts after the boy.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - QYBURNS LAB

PYCELLE walks down the steps and into the lab, then turns around to see QYBURN sitting in a chair behind him.

PYCELLE: Wheres the king?

QYBURN stands.

QYBURN: Elsewhere, Im afraid.

PYCELLE: Whats the meaning of this? I was told that-- I have more important things to do with my time than waste them in the presence--

QYBURN: Please, Grand Maester. I bear you no ill will. Please forgive me if you can.

PYCELLE turns around. A young boy emerges from the shadows with a knife.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - TUNNELS

LANCEL continues to follow the boy through the tunnels.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - QYBURNS LAB

More children brandishing knives appear.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - TUNNELS

LANCEL runs down the tunnel after the boy.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - QYBURNS LAB

QYBURN: This pains me, my lord. Whatever your faults, you do not deserve to die alone in such a cold, dark place. But sometimes before we can usher in the new, the old must be put to rest.

The girl who led PYCELLE into the room brandishes a knife.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - TUNNELS

LANCEL turns a corner and finds a smaller tunnel. He gets down on his hands and knees and crawls through it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - QYBURNS LAB

The children converge on PYCELLE. PYCELLE slaps one of them but is overwhelmed. The children stab him repeatedly with their knives, killing him. QYBURN watches.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - TUNNELS

LANCEL happens upon the boys torch and raises it up.

LANCEL: The longer you wait, the worse itll be for you.

LANCEL spies a side passageway lined with barrels. The boy sneaks up on him and stabs him in the side. LANCEL yells and falls to the ground. The boy runs away. LANCEL breathes heavily. The boy returns and looks at LANCEL.

LANCEL: What are you doing?

The boy runs away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

The crowd is murmuring. MARGAERY looks around at them, then looks at LORAS. LORAS is hanging his head, his eyes downcast.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - TUNNELS

LANCEL looks down the tunnel and sees a glimmer of light. He drags himself through the dirt towards it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

CERSEI is standing at the balcony, staring out at the Great Sept of Baelor.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

MARGAERY looks around.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - TUNNELS

LANCEL crawls closer to the other end of the hall. There is a green glow all around him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

MARGAERY hurries over to the HIGH SPARROW.

MARGAERY: Theres something wrong.

HIGH SPARROW: You have nothing to fear, Your Grace. The trial will begin shortly.

MARGAERY: Cersei is not here. Tommen is not here. Why do you think they are not here?

HIGH SPARROW: If the accused is not here, she will be tried regardless. We cannot escape the justice of the gods--

MARGAERY: Forget about the bloody gods and listen to what Im telling you. Cersei understands the consequences of her absence and she is absent anyway, which means she does not intend to suffer those consequences. The trial can wait. We all need to leave.

The HIGH SPARROW scoffs and shakes his head.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - TUNNELS

LANCEL has almost reached the end of the tunnel. He sees green pools of liquid on the ground in front of two barrels with candles in their centers. The candles have almost burned down to nothing. He looks around at the casks lining the walls of the tunnel and pulls himself onward towards the candles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

MARGAERY (to the crowd): We all need to leave now!

MARGAERY hurries over to LORAS. The crowd begins to stir. MARGAERY takes LORAS chin and lifts his face so his eyes meet hers.

MARGAERY: Loras. Stay with me.

MARGAERY ushers him towards the steps.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - TUNNELS

LANCEL groans as he pulls himself closer to the candles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

MARGAERY hurries towards the exit with LORAS. The crowd begins to panic and also heads towards the exit. Two Faith Militant block MARGAERYs path to the exit.

MARGAERY: Let me through. Let me through. Get out of my way.

MARGAERY pushes against the guards. The HIGH SPARROW looks around at the crowd.

MARGAERY: Let us through!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - TUNNELS

LANCEL reaches the candles. He tries to blow out the flame with his breath, but it wont go out.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

MARGAERY looks over her shoulder at the HIGH SPARROW. They stare into each others eyes.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR - TUNNELS

The flame from the candle touches the pool of green liquid and ignites it. The surrounding barrels are ignited and explode in a mass of green flame. LANCEL is incinerated. The explosion travels down the tunnel, igniting all of the barrels.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR

The sound of an explosion can be heard. The green flame erupts from the center of the sept, incinerating the HIGH SPARROW and then engulfing the entire sept, killing everyone inside. The sept crumbles from the force of the explosion. The bell from its tower is flung down into the city, smashing into a bystander. The flames rush out from the sept.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - CERSEIS CHAMBER

CERSEI watches the explosion. She cocks her head back, then smiles, sips her wine, and walks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - TOMMENS CHAMBER

GREGOR is standing in the hallway.TOMMEN is staring out the window at the explosion with his mouth hanging open. GREGOR exits.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - UNKNOWN CHAMBER

SEPTA UNELLA is lying strapped to a table. CERSEI stands over her and pours wine in her face. SEPTA UNELLA sputters and struggles against her bindings.

CERSEI: Confess. Confess.

CERSEI raises a pitcher of wine over SEPTA UNELLAs head.

SEPTA UNELLA: No.

CERSEI: Confess.

CERSEI pours the pitcher into SEPTA UNELLAs face. SEPTA UNELLA sputters and struggles. When the pitcher is empty, SEPTA UNELLA gasps for air.

CERSEI: Confess. It felt good. Beating me, starving me, frightening me, humiliating me. You didnt do it because you cared about my atonement. You did it because it felt good. I understand. I do things because they feel good. I drink because it feels good. I killed my husband because it felt good to be rid of him. I fuck my brother because it feels good to feel him inside me. I lie about fucking my brother because it feels good to keep our son safe from hateful hypocrites. I killed your High Sparrow and all his little sparrows all his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it felt good to watch them burn. It felt good to imagine their shock and their pain. No thought has ever given me greater joy. Even confessing feels good under the right circumstances.

CERSEI touches SEPTA UNELLAs face.

CERSEI: Youve always been quiet.

CERSEI walks around the table.

CERSEI: I said my face would be the last thing you saw before you died. Do you remember?

SEPTA UNELLA: Good. Im glad to see your face. Im ready to meet the gods.

CERSEI: What? Now? Today? Youre not going to die today. Youre not going to die for quite a while. Ser Gregor.

GREGOR enters the room.

CERSEI: This is Ser Gregor Clegane. Hes quiet, too.

SEPTA UNELLA looks at GREGOR. GREGOR removes his helmet. His face is cloaked in shadow.

CERSEI: Your gods have forsaken you. This is your god now.

CERSEI walks towards the exit. GREGOR enters. His face is purple and mangled. He puts his helmet down on the table next to SEPTA UNELLA.

SEPTA UNELLA: No.

SEPTA UNELLA struggles against her bindings, then cries out in pain.

CERSEI: Shame.

CERSEI take hold of the door and closes it behind her.

CERSEI: Shame.

SEPTA UNELLA screams.

CERSEI: Shame.

CERSEI closes the latch on the doors porthole and walks away. SEPTA UNELLA screams.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - TOMMENS CHAMBER

TOMMEN is staring out the window.

ATTENDANT: Im very sorry, Your Grace. Very sorry.

The attendant exits. TOMMEN takes his crown off his head and walks to another part of the room. He returns to the window, stands up on the sill, and plummets off the edge.
INT. THE TWINS
A banquet is underway. WALDER FREY is making a toast. JAIME and BRONN sit at the tables with the Frey and Lannister men, listening.

WALDER: For House Lannister!

MEN: Hear me roar!

The men cheer.

WALDER: For House Frey!

MEN: We stand together!

The men cheer.

WALDER: May we stand together through the centuries, good friends to the last.

The men cheer.

WALDER: And when we drive our swords through our enemies hearts, may we speak the words of our alliance, The Freys and the Lannisters send their regards.

The men cheer. A handmaiden looks at BRONN and then at JAIME.

BRONN: You dont even have to do anything, do you?

JAIME looks at the handmaiden.

BRONN: You just sit there, a rich slab of beef, and all the birds come pecking.

JAIME: Youre welcome to her.

BRONN: She doesnt want me. She wants your golden fingers up her twat.

JAIME nods at two women standing on the other side of the room.

JAIME: Those two have their eyes on you.

BRONN looks at the women.

BRONN: They have their eyes on you, cunt.

JAIME: Not my type.

BRONN: Not blonde enough?

JAIME: Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of Blackwater Bay.

JAIME looks at BRONN.

JAIME: There you go.

BRONN: Maybe Im not in the mood.

The girls approach Bronn.

BRONN: Fuck it.

BRONN stands and approaches the girls.

BRONN: No need to call me ser just because Im an anointed knight.

WALDER sits down next to JAIME.

WALDER: This came together rather well. Your father would be pleased.

JAIME: Im sure he would be.

WALDER: Edmure is back in a cell. Cant go killing my son by law. It wouldnt be right. Give the family a bad name.

WALDER sips his wine.

WALDER: So the famous Blackfish killed by footsoldiers, eh? Legendary warrior, everyone said.

JAIME: Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Frey?

WALDER: Im a bit old for all that.

JAIME: No, but back in your day.

WALDER: The purpose of fighting is defeating your enemies, isnt it?


JAIME nods.

WALDER: Ive defeated mine. Riverrun belonged to House Tully for a thousand years. Now its mine. What do you call that? Victory.

JAIME: Yes, youre a great conqueror.

WALDER: Go on, mock me, boy. You think I mind? The Tullys mocked me for years. The Starks mocked me. Where are they now? You talk about war as if youre an expert but the one battle I remember you fighting, you were captured by Robb Stark, the Young Wolf. But it doesnt matter. Here we are now, two kingslayers. We know what its like to have them grovel to our faces and snigger behind our backs. We dont mind, do we? Fear is a marvelous thing.

JAIME: They dont fear the Freys, though. They fear the Lannisters. We gave you the Riverlands to hold the Riverlands. If we have to ride north and take them back for you every time you lose them, why do we need you?

JAIME stands and exits. WALDER watches him go.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. RED KEEP - QYBURNS LAB

CERSEI and QYBURN are standing over TOMMENs body. His body is covered in a veil.

CERSEI: Show me.

QYBURN: Your Grace, theres no need--

CERSEI: Show me.

QYBURN uncovers TOMMENs body. CERSEI stares at it.

QYBURN: What are your thoughts concerning the kings funeral? As the Sept of Baelor is no longer an option, perhaps a ceremony in the throne room?

CERSEI: He should be with his grandfather, his brother, his sister. Burn him and bury his ashes where the sept once stood.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. OLDTOWN - OUTSKIRTS
A horse-drawn carriage moves down the road, then stops. SAM and GILLY emerge from behind it. GILLY is carrying LITTLE SAM. They walk to a nearby hill look out over a lake. Oldtown stands across the lake. SAM and GILLY marvel at it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE CITADEL

SAM and GILLY enter and walk to the front desk. A maester is sitting behind the desk, holding spectacles up to his eyes and reading.

SAM: Hello.

The maester keeps reading and then looks up at SAM, removing his spectacles.

SAM: From Lord Commander Snow at Castle Black.

SAM holds up a letter. The maester puts down his spectacles and opens his palm. SAM reaches across the table with the letter, offering it to the maester. The maester does not retrieve it. SAM presses himself against the desk, leans further in, and places the letter directly in the maesters hand. The maester takes the letter, breaks the seal, and reads it.

SAM: Im-- Im to be the new maester.

The maester looks at SAM and then opens a large book. He flips a few pages.

MAESTER: Oh.

The maester points his finger to a line of text on the open page.

MAESTER: According to our records, Jeor Mormont is Lord Commander.

SAM: He died.

MAESTER: We received no report from the maester at Castle Black.

SAM: Maester Aemon became quite ill shortly after the election. Hes since passed away. Which is why Im here.

MAESTER: This is irregular.

SAM: Yes, well, I suppose that life is irregular.

The maester stares blankly at SAM, then picks up a quill and crosses off two lines of text in the open book.

MAESTER: The archmaester will discuss these irregularities with you. In the meantime, you are permitted to use the library. Follow me.

The maester stands and begins walking away. SAM and GILLY start to follow him. He turns back and looks at GILLY.

MAESTER: No women or children!

The maester turns and walks away. SAM makes several baffled gestures to GILLY and then follows the maester. They enter a small hallway full of books. The maester stops in front of a dark side passage and gestures towards it. SAM starts down the passage. The maester leaves. On his way through, SAM touches several of the books lining the shelves. SAM emerges onto the other side of the passage. The passage opens onto an enormous library with a chandelier dangling from the ceiling that reflects light. SAM gets teary and smiles.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - OUTSKIRTS
A white raven flies over the Northern wilderness towards Winterfell.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL - DINING HALL

JON SNOW is standing behind the high table, staring across the hall. MELISANDRE stands by his side.

JON SNOW: When we had feasts, our family would sit up here and Id sit down there.

JON SNOW points to the other end of the hall.

MELISANDRE: Could have been worse, Jon Snow. You had a family. You had feasts.

JON SNOW chuckles.

JON SNOW: Aye, youre right. I was luckier than most.

DAVOS enters the hall and tosses the charred stag statuette at MELISANDRE. MELISANDRE catches it.

JON SNOW: What is that?

DAVOS: Tell him. Tell him who it belonged to.

MELISANDRE: The Princess Shireen.

DAVOS: Tell him what you did to her. Tell him!

MELISANDRE: We burned her at the stake.

DAVOS: Why?

MELISANDRE: The army was trapped. The horses were dying. It was the only way.

DAVOS: You burned a little girl alive!

MELISANDRE: I only do what my Lord commands!

DAVOS: If he commands you to burn children, your Lord is evil!

MELISANDRE: We are standing here because of him. Jon Snow is alive because the Lord willed it.

DAVOS: I loved that girl like she was my own. She was good. She was kind. And you killed her!

MELISANDRE: So did her father. So did her mother. Her own blood knew it was the only way.

DAVOS: The only way for what? They all died anyway! You told everyone Stannis was the one. You had him believing it, all of them fooled. And you lied.

MELISANDRE: I didnt lie. I was wrong.

DAVOS: Aye, you were wrong. How many died because you were wrong?

DAVOS and MELISANDRE stare at each other in silence.

DAVOS (to JON SNOW): I ask your leave to execute this woman for murder. She admits to the crime.

JON SNOW (to MELISANDRE): Do you have anything to say for yourself?

MELISANDRE: Ive been ready to die for many years. If the Lord was done with me, so be it, but hes not. Youve seen the Night King, Jon Snow. You know the great war is still to come. You know the army of the dead will be upon us soon. And you know I can help you win that war.

JON SNOW approaches MELISANDRE.

JON SNOW: Ride south today. If you return to the North, Ill have you hanged as a murderer.

MELISANDRE puts the stag statuette down on the high table and begins to walk away. DAVOS moves in her way.

DAVOS: If you ever come back this way, I will execute you myself.

MELISANDRE moves past DAVOS and exits.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL - OUTER WALL

JON SNOW stands atop the outer wall watching MELISANDRE ride south on her horse. SANSA appears.

JON SNOW: Im having the lords chamber prepared for you.

SANSA: Mother and Fathers room? You should take it.

JON SNOW: Im not a Stark.

SANSA: You are to me.

JON SNOW: Youre the Lady of Winterfell. You deserve it. Were standing here because of you. The battle was lost until the Knights of the Vale rode in. They came because of you. You told me Lord Baelish sold you to the Boltons.

SANSA: He did.

JON SNOW: And you trust him?

SANSA: Only a fool would trust Littlefinger. I should have told you about him, about the Knights of the Vale. Im sorry.

JON SNOW approaches SANSA.

JON SNOW: We need to trust each other. We cant fight a war amongst ourselves. We have so many enemies now.

JON SNOW touches SANSAs face and kisses her on the forehead, then turns to walk away.

SANSA: Jon.

JON SNOW turns back to face SANSA.

SANSA: A raven came from the Citadel. A white raven. Winter is here.

JON SNOW smiles and looks up at the sky.

JON SNOW: Well, Father always promised, didnt he?

JON SNOW exits. SANSA looks out at the wilderness.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. SUNSPEAR - COURTYARD
ELLARIA SAND and OLENNA TYRELL are sitting across a table from each other. OBARA SAND, NYMERIA SAND, and TYENE SAND flank ELLARIA.

OLENNA: The last time a Tyrell came to Dorne, he was assassinated. 100 red scorpions, was it?

ELLARIA: You have nothing to fear from us, Lady Olenna.

OLENNA: You murder your own prince, but you expect me to trust you?

OBARA: We invited you to Dorne because we needed your help. You came to Dorne because you needed our help?

OLENNA: What is your name again? Barbaro?

OBARA: Obara.

OLENNA: Obara. You look like an angry little boy. Dont presume to tell me what I need.

NYMERIA: Forgive my sister. What she lacks in diplomacy, she makes--

OLENNA: Do shut up, dear.

OLENNA looks at TYENE.

OLENNA: Anything from you?

TYENE opens her mouth to speak.

OLENNA: No? Good. Let the grown women speak.

ELLARIA: The Lannisters have declared war on House Tyrell. They have declared war on Dorne. We must be allies now if we wish to survive.

OLENNA: Cersei stole the future from me. She killed my son. She killed my grandson. She killed my granddaughter. Survival is not what Im after now.

ELLARIA: Youre absolutely right. I chose the wrong words. It is not survival I offer. It is your hearts desire.

ELLARIA rings a bell.

OLENNA: And what is my hearts desire?

ELLARIA: Vengeance. Justice.

VARYS emerges from a hallway.

VARYS: Fire and blood.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID CONFERENCE ROOM
DAENERYS is sitting on a couch, sipping a glass of wine. DAARIO enters.

DAARIO: Your ships are nearly ready. I saw them painting the sails.

DAARIO pours himself a glass of wine.

DAARIO: Im curious to see how the Dothraki do on the poison water.

DAENERYS: Youre not coming with us.

DAARIO: New strategy? You want the Second Sons to attack from the west coast? If we take Casterly Rock, the Lannisters will have nowhere to run when you hit Kings Landing.

DAARIO approaches DAENERYS and stands in front of her.

DAENERYS: Youre not going to Westeros. Youre staying here with the Second Sons. Theres finally peace in Meereen. You will keep the peace while the people choose their own leaders.

DAARIO sets his glass of wine down on a table.

DAARIO: Fuck Meereen. Fuck the people. Im here for you, not them.

DAENERYS: You promised me. My sword is yours. My life is yours. This is what I command. If Im going to rule in Westeros, Ill need to make alliances. The best way to make alliances is with marriage.

DAARIO sits down.

DAARIO: Who are you marrying this time?

DAENERYS: I dont know. Maybe no one.

DAARIO: But you need to lure all the noble houses to the table? Are you a queen or fish bait?

DAENERYS: I cant bring a lover to Westeros.

DAARIO: A king wouldnt think twice about it.

DAENERYS: So thats what you want? To be my mistress?

DAARIO: Im not proud. I dont care what perfumed aristocrat sits beside you in the throne room. I dont want a crown. I want you.

DAARIO approaches DAENERYS and kneels in front of her.

DAARIO: I love you. And I make you happy. You know I do. Bring me with you. Let me fight for you.

DAENERYS touches DAARIOs face.

DAENERYS: I cant.

DAARIO stands.

DAARIO: The dwarf told you to do this.

DAENERYS: No one tells me to do anything.

DAARIO: Clever fellow. Cant argue with his logic. Im no use to you over there.

DAENERYS: Dont get angry.

DAARIO: Im not angry. Im full of self-pity. Who comes after you? Who can ever follow Daenerys Stormborn, the Mother of Dragons?

DAENERYS: A great number of women, I imagine. Specific orders will be left for you regarding the welfare of Meereen and the Bay of Dragons.

DAENERYS stands.

DAARIO: Bay of Dragons?

DAENERYS: We cant call it Slavers Bay anymore, can we?

DAARIO: Youll get that throne you want so badly, Im sure of it. I hope it brings you happiness.

DAARIO sips his wine.

DAARIO: I pity the lord of Westeros. They have no idea whats coming for them.

DAENERYS: Farewell, Daario Naharis.

DAARIO nods and exits.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN - GREAT PYRAMID THRONE ROOM

TYRION is sitting off to the side of the room on a bench. DAENERYS enters, walking down the steps from the throne.

TYRION: How did he take it?

DAENERYS: No tears.

TYRION: I know it was hard for you. You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms. Thats the kind of self-sacrifice that makes for a good ruler, if its any consolation.

DAENERYS reaches the bottom of the steps and approaches TYRION.

DAENERYS: Its not.

TYRION: No, I suppose not. Im terrible at consoling.

DAENERYS sits down on the bench next to TYRION.

DAENERYS: Yes, you really are.

TYRION: All right, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons. Everything youve ever wanted since you were old enough to want anything. Its all yours for the taking. Are you afraid?

DAENERYS nods.

TYRION: Good. Youre in the great game now. And the great games terrifying. The only people who arent afraid of failure are madmen like your father.

DAENERYS: Do you know what frightens me? I said farewell to a man who loves me. A man I thought I cared for. And I felt nothing. Just impatient to get on with it.

TYRION: He wasnt the first to love you and he wont be the last.

DAENERYS: Well, you have completely failed to console me.

DAENERYS stands and turns to face TYRION.

TYRION: For what its worth, Ive been a cynic for as long as I can remember. Everyones always asking me to believe in things-- family, gods, kings, myself. It was often tempting until I saw where belief got people. So I said no, thank you to belief. And yet here I am.

TYRION stands on the bench.

TYRION: I believe in you. Its embarrassing, really. Id swear you my sword, but I dont actually own a sword.

DAENERYS: Its your counsel I need.

TYRION: Its yours. Now and always.

DAENERYS: Good. I, um I had something made for you. Im not sure if its right.

DAENERYS pins a Hand of the Kings brooch on TYRIONs chest.

DAENERYS: Tyrion Lannister, I name you Hand of the Queen.

TYRION holds back tears, then kneels.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. THE TWINS
WALDER FREY is sitting at the high table, eating and drinking. The rest of the dining hall is empty. A handmaiden approaches and sets down a platter of pie on the table in front of him.

WALDER: Youre not one of mine, are you?

HANDMAIDEN: No, my lord.

WALDER: Didnt think so. Too pretty.

WALDER slaps the handmaiden on the buttocks and smiles.

WALDER: Where are my damn moron sons? Black Walder and Lothar promised to be here by midday.

HANDMAIDEN: Theyre here, my lord.

WALDER: Well, what are they doing, trimming their cunt hairs? Tell them to come here now.

HANDMAIDEN: But theyre already here, my lord.

WALDER looks around the hall. The handmaiden points to the pie.

HANDMAIDEN: Here, my lord.

WALDER pulls back the top layer of the pie. A finger protrudes from the center of the slice.

HANDMAIDEN: They werent easy to carve. Especially Black Walder.

WALDER breathes heavily.

WALDER: What

The handmaiden reaches up to her face and pulls it away, revealing her true identity is ARYA.

ARYA: My name is Arya Stark. I want you to know that. The last thing youre ever going to see is a Stark smiling down at you as you die.

ARYA brandishes a knife. WALDER gets up to run, but ARYA grabs him and pulls him back down. She grabs him by the forehead and slits his throat. He convulses and groans as he dies. ARYA smiles and stares at him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WINTERFELL - WEIRWOOD TREE
SANSA sits underneath the weirwood tree. PETYR approaches her.

PETYR: Forgive me, my lady if youre at prayer.

SANSA: Im done with all that. I came here every day when I was a girl. I prayed to be somewhere else. Back then I only ever thought about what I wanted, never about what I had.

SANSA stands and walks towards PETYR.

SANSA: I was a stupid girl.

PETYR: You were a child.

SANSA: What do you want?

PETYR: I thought you knew what I wanted.

SANSA: I was wrong.

PETYR: No, you werent. Every time Im faced with a decision, I close my eyes and see the same picture. Whenever I consider an action, I ask myself will this action help to make this picture a reality? Pull it out of my mind and into the world? And I only act if the answer is yes. A picture of me on the Iron Throne and you by my side.

PETYR leans in to kiss SANSA, but SANSA puts her hand on his chest to stop him.

SANSA: Its a pretty picture.

SANSA walks past PETYR.

PETYR: News of this battle will spread quickly through the Seven Kingdoms. Ive declared for House Stark for all to hear.

SANSA: Youve declared for other houses before, Lord Baelish. Its never stopped you from serving yourself.

PETYR: The past is gone for good. You can sit here mourning its departure or you can prepare for the future. You, my love, are the future of House Stark. Who should the North rally behind? A trueborn daughter of Ned and Catelyn Stark born here at Winterfell or a motherless bastard born in the south?

SANSA exits.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BEYOND THE WALL
BENJEN stares up at The Wall. BRAN and MEERA wait nearby.

BENJEN: This is where I leave you.

MEERA: Youre not coming with us?

BENJEN: The Wall is not just ice and stone. Ancient spells were carved into its foundations. Strong magic to protect men from what lies beyond. And while it stands, the dead cannot pass. I cannot pass.

BENJEN approaches his horse and lifts BRAN off of it. He carries BRAN to the foot of a nearby weirwood, then walks back to his horse.

MEERA: Where will you go?

BENJEN: The great war is coming and I still fight for the living. Ill do what I can as long as I can.

BENJEN mounts his horse.

BRAN: Thank you, Uncle Benjen.

BENJEN: I wish you both good fortune.

BENJEN rides away. BRAN looks at the weirwood and then starts to crawl towards it. MEERA helps him. BRAN reaches out to the weirwood but MEERA grabs his wrist.

MEERA: Are you sure youre ready for this?

BRAN:Im the Three-Eyed Raven now. I have to be ready for this.

BRAN touches the weirwood tree.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. VISION OF THE PAST - TOWER OF JOY
NED stands at the base of the Tower of Joy. He heards LYANNA screaming in the Tower and rushes towards the stairs. BRAN stands on the ground behind him. NED turns back as though he hears a noise, but sees nothing. He hurries up the steps. BRAN follows. NED bursts through a door into a bedroom. LYANNA lies in bed. The sheets are soaked with blood. A handmaiden is standing in the corner.

LYANNA: Ned?

NED: Lyanna.

NED rushes to LYANNAs side.

LYANNA: Is that you? Is that really you?

LYANNA lifts her hand. NED takes it.

LYANNA: Youre not a dream.

NED: No, Im not a dream. Im here. Right here.

LYANNA: Ive missed you, big brother.

NED begins to cry.

NED: Ive missed you, too.

LYANNA: I want to be brave.

NED: Shh. You are.

LYANNA: Im not.

NED lifts his hand from LYANNAs stomach. His palm is covered in blood.

LYANNA: I dont want to die.

NED: Youre not going to die.

NED looks at the handmaiden.

NED: Get her some water!

LYANNA: No, no water.

NED: Is there a maester?

LYANNA: Please. Listen to me, Ned.

LYANNA whispers in NEDs ear.

LYANNA: If Robert finds out, hell kill him, you know he will. You have to protect him. Promise me, Ned. Promise me.

The handmaiden hands NED the child.

LYANNA: Promise me, Ned. Promise me.

NED stares down at the baby. The baby opens its eyes. Zoom on the babys face.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. WINTERFELL - DINING HALL
Slow zoom out from JON SNOWs face. JON SNOW is sitting at high table. SANSA sits beside him. Representatives from Northern houses, the Vale, and the wildlings are gathered in the dining hall. TORMUND and DAVOS sit among the wildlings. PETYR stands off to the side, watching.

VALE KNIGHT: You cant expect Knights of the Vale to side with wildling invaders.

TORMUND: We didnt invade. We were invited.

VALE KNIGHT: Not by me.

JON SNOW stands.

JON SNOW: The free folk, the northerners, and the Knights of the Vale fought bravely, fought together, and we won. My father uses to say we find our true friends on the battlefield.

One of the houses representatives stands.

MAN: The Boltons are defeated. The war is over. Winter has come. If the maesters are right, itll be the coldest one in a thousand years. We should ride home and wait out the coming storms.

JON SNOW: The war is not over. And I promise you, friend, the true enemy wont wait out the storm. He brings the storm.

The men begin to murmur. LYANNA MORMONT stands.

LYANNA: Your son was butchered at the Red Wedding, Lord Manderly. But you refused the call. You swore allegiance to House Stark, Lord Glover, but in their hour of greatest need, you refused the call. And you, Lord Cerwyn, your father was skinned alive by Ramsay Bolton. Still you refuse the call. But House Mormont remembers. The North remembers. We know no king but the King in the North whose name is Stark. I dont care if hes a bastard. Ned Starks blood runs through his veins. Hes my king from this day until his last day.

The men resume murmuring. LORD MANDERLY stands.

MANDERLY: Lady Mormont speaks harshly and truly. My son died for Robb Stark, the Young Wolf. I didnt think wed find another king in my lifetime. I didnt commit my men to your cause cause I didnt want more Manderlys dying for nothing. But I was wrong. Jon Snow avenged the Red Wedding. He is the White Wolf. The King in the North.

MANDERLY draws his blade, then rests it point-down on the ground and kneels. LORD GLOVER stands.

GLOVER: I did not fight beside you on the field and I will regret that until my dying day. A man can only admit when he was wrong and ask forgiveness.

JON SNOW: Theres nothing to forgive, my lord.

GLOVER: There will be more fights to come. House Glover will stand behind House Stark as we have for a thousands years. And I will stand behind Jon Snow the King in the North!

GLOVER draws his blade, then rests it point-down on the ground and kneels.

GLOVER: The King in the North!

Everyone in the hall stands and draws their blades.

ALL: The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North!

JON SNOW stands. SANSA and PETYR look at each other.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. KINGS LANDING - OUTSKIRTS
JAIME, BRONN, and several Lannister knights are riding on horseback on a high hill. They stop and look out at Kings Landing. JAIME sees smoke billowing out of the ruins of the Great Sept of Baelor.

JAIME: Come on.

JAIME rides on.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: RED KEEP - THRONE ROOM

CERSEI enters, escorted by GREGOR and the Kingsguard. The room is full of nobles and city soldiers. QYBURN stands next to the Iron Throne, holding a crown. CERSEI and GREGOR approach the throne. CERSEI stands in front of the throne. JAIME enters through a side passage and watches.

QYBURN: I now proclaim Cersei of the House Lannister First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms.

QYBURN places the crown on CERSEIs head. CERSEI sits in the Iron Throne. She and JAIME look at each other.

QYBURN: Long may she reign.

ALL: Long may she reign.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. SUMMER SEA
THEON and YARA are standing on their ship. They look out at the sea. A vessel appears with a dragon as its ram. GREY WORM and the Unsullied are riding in it. Hundreds of other ships are sailing around them. Some of the ships carry the Dothraki and their horses. DROGON, VISERION, and RHAEGAL fly overhead. They fly over the boat leading the convoy DAENERYS, TYRION, VARYS, and MISSANDEI are riding in it. DAENERYS and TYRION look at each other, then DAENERYS looks out at the ocean ahead. The dragons screech.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
