- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. KING¡¯S LANDING

The Hound and another man grunt as they duel. Men and women look on from nearby. The Hound knocks the other man¡¯s shield away, and knocks the man off of a wall. The camera pans up from the man to where Joffrey stands in a tent, watching.

JOFFREY: (Quietly) Well struck¡­ (Louder) Well struck, Dog.

The Hound removes his helmet. Joffrey turns to Sansa.

JOFFREY: Did you like that?

SANSA: It was well struck, Your Grace.

JOFFREY: I already said it was well struck.

SANSA: Yes, Your Grace.

Two men drag the man away, leaving behind a trail of blood. A boy walks over to clean up the blood.

JOFFREY: Who's next?

ANNOUNCER: Lothor Brune, freerider in the service of Lord Baelish.

The announcer gestures to a man, who then walks over.

ANNOUNCER: Ser Dontos the Red of House Hollard.

The announcer gestures in the opposite direction, but no one comes forward.

ANNOUNCER: (Yells) Ser Dontos the Red of House Hollard!

SER DONTOS: Here I am. (Walking down some stairs, awkwardly clutching his helmet and weapon). Here I am. (Drops his helmet). Sorry, Your Grace. (Puts his helmet on backwards). My deepest apologies. (Puts his helmet on correctly).

JOFFREY: Are you drunk?

Ser Dontos takes off his helmet.

SER DONTOS: No. Uh, no, Your Grace. I had - I had two cups of wine.

JOFFREY: Two cups? (Dontos nods). That's not much at all. (Joffrey gestures to some wine). Please, have another cup.

SER DONTOS: Are you sure, Your Grace?

JOFFREY: Yes, to celebrate my name day. (Smiles) Have two, have as much as you like.

SER DONTOS: I would be honored, Your Grace.

Ser Dontos bows to Joffrey. Joffrey looks over to Ser Meryn.

JOFFREY: Ser Meryn, help Ser Dontos celebrate my name day. See that he drinks his fill.

Ser Meryn and two other kingsguard grab Ser Dontos. They bring him into a more open area nearby. Ser Dontos is forced on his knees. One kingsguard keeps Ser Dontos down. Ser Meryn and the other kingsguard get a funnel and a barrel of wine. Ser Meryn forces the funnel into Ser Dontos¡¯s mouth. The kingsguard with the barrel begins pouring the wine down the funnel. Ser Dontos begins gurgling and struggles a little bit.

SANSA: You can't!

JOFFREY: What did you say? Did you say I can't?

SANSA: I only meant¡­ it would be bad luck to kill a man on your name day.

JOFFREY: What kind of stupid peasant's superstition...

THE HOUND: The girl is right. What a man sows on his name day, he reaps all year.

JOFFREY: (Sighs). Take him away. I'll have him killed tomorrow, the fool.

The barrel and funnel are removed, and Ser Dontos is released. He pukes out a mixture of blood and wine onto the ground.

SANSA: He is. A fool - you're so clever to see it. He'll make a much better fool than a knight. He doesn't deserve the mercy of a quick death.

JOFFREY: Did you hear My Lady, Ser Dontos? (Ser Dontos is forced onto his feet). From this day, (Standing up), you'll be my new fool.

SER DONTOS: Thank you, Your Grace. (Bows). And you, My Lady, thank you.

Ser Dontos is taken away by kingsguard.

TYRION: Beloved nephew.

Tyrion, Bronn, and a number of hill tribesman appear from the right. People murmur and look their way.

TYRION: We looked for you on the battlefield. (Joffrey sits down). You were nowhere to be found.

Tyrion begins to pour himself a glass of wine.

JOFFREY: I've been here, ruling the kingdoms.

TYRION: What a fine job you've done. (Turns to Myrcella). Look at you. (Kisses her). More beautiful than ever. (Turns to Tommen). And you! You, you're going to be bigger than the Hound, but much better looking. (Tyrion smiles. He and Myrcella laugh). This one doesn't like me.

Tyrion gestures towards the Hound. Bronn looks over at the Hound and smiles wryly.

BRONN: Can't imagine why.

JOFFREY: We heard you were dead.

MYRCELLA: I'm glad you're not dead.

Tyrion takes a sip of his wine.

TYRION: Me, too, dear. Death is so boring, especially now with so much excitement in the world. (Looks at Sansa). My Lady, I'm sorry for your loss.

Tyrion bows to Sansa. Joffrey looks over at her, and back to Tyrion.

JOFFREY: Her loss? Her father was a confessed traitor!

TYRION: But still her father. Surely having so recently lost your own beloved father you can sympathize.

SANSA: My father was a traitor. My mother and brother are traitors, too. I am loyal to my beloved Joffrey.

TYRION: Of course you are.

Tyrion smirks sympathetically. Sansa looks away.

TYRION: Well, (Gulps down his wine), enjoy your name day, Your Grace. Wish I could stay and celebrate, but there is work to be done.

Tyrion begins walking away from the tent.

JOFFREY: What work? (Bronn and the tribesmen follow Tyrion. Joffrey stands up). Why are you here?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SMALL COUNCIL MEETING CHAMBER

The council members sit at a table. A man walks to the table with a covered bird cage.

PYCELLE: The raven arrived from the Citadel this morning, Your Grace. The conclave has met, (The man sets the cage down and removes the cover), considered reports from Maesters all over the Seven Kingdoms, and declared this great summer done, at last. The longest summer in living memory.

VARYS: The peasants say, a long summer means an even longer winter.

PYCELLE: A common superstition.

BAELISH: We have enough wheat for a five-year winter. If it lasts any longer, (Shrugs indifferently), we'll have fewer peasants.

JANOS: The city's drowning in refugees, Your Grace, fleeing the war. We have nowhere to house them, and with winter coming, it'll only get worse.

Cersei gestures to a servant. The servant comes to take the raven off of the table.

CERSEI: You command the City Watch, do you not, Lord Slynt?

JANOS: I do, Your Grace.

CERSEI: And are you not a Lord at my command?

JANOS: I owe my title and lands to your generosity, Your Grace.

CERSEI: Then do your job. Shut the gates to the peasants. They belong in the field, not our capital.

JANOS: Yes, Your Grace.

Tyrion begins whistling from a distance. Everyone at the table turns to watch him approach.

TYRION: Don't get up. More ravishing than ever, big sister. (Kisses Cersei on the cheek). War agrees with you. Forgive the interruption, carry on.

CERSEI: What are you doing here?

TYRION: (Sits down) It's been a remarkable journey. I, (grabs a glass), pissed off the edge of the Wall, I slept in a sky cell. (Pours himself wine). I fought with the hill tribes. So many adventures, so much to be thankful for.

Tyrion begins drinking his wine.

CERSEI: What are you doing here? This is the small council.

TYRION: Yes., well, I, do believe the Hand of the King is welcome at all small council meetings.

CERSEI: Our father is Hand of the King.

TYRION: Yes, but in his absence¡­

Tyrion pulls out a letter. He hands it to Varys, who opens it, and begins reading it.

VARYS: Your father has named Lord Tyrion to serve as Hand in his stead while he fights -

CERSEI: Out! All of you out. (The small council members all get up and leave until it is only Cersei and Tyrion. Cersei stands up and approaches Tyrion). I would like to know how you tricked father into this.

TYRION: If I were capable of tricking father, I'd be emperor of the world by now. You brought this on yourself. (Cersei sits down).

CERSEI: I've done nothing.

TYRION: Quite right. You did nothing when your son called for Ned Stark's head. Now the entire North has risen up against us.

CERSEI: I tried to stop it.

TYRION: Did you? You failed. That bit of theater will haunt our family for a generation.

CERSEI: Robb Stark is a child.

TYRION: Who's won every battle he's fought. Do you understand we're losing the war?

CERSEI: What do you know about warfare?

TYRION: Nothing. But I know people. And I know that our enemies hate each other almost as much as they hate us.

There is a long pause. Cersei looks over at Tyrion.

CERSEI: Joffrey is King.

TYRION: Joffrey is King.

CERSEI: You are here to advise him.

TYRION: I'm only here to advise him. And if the King listens to what I say, the King might just get his Uncle Jaime back.

CERSEI: How?

TYRION: You love your children. It's your one redeeming quality. That and your cheekbones. The Starks love their children as well. And we have two of them.

CERSEI: One.

TYRION: One?

CERSEI: Arya, little animal, she disappeared.

TYRION: Disappeared? What, in a puff of smoke? We had three Starks to trade. You chopped one's head off and let another escape. Father will be furious. It must be odd for you to be the disappointing child.

Tyrion smirks, and takes a sip of his wine. Cersei looks away.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WINTERFELL

EXT. OUTSIDE WINTERFELL

A knight sits on a horse alone, holding a banner. Winterfell is seen in the background.

LORD: My Lord, may the Old Gods watch over your brother and all our northern sons.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. INSIDE WINTERFELL¡¯S KEEP

A long queue of people are waiting to speak with Bran. The man speaking is addressing Bran and Maester Luwin, who are both sitting at a large table.

LORD: The walls of my Holdfast will not stand the winter. The stones were last mortared in the time of King Aerys, and I'm afraid the masons today are not fit to carry their fathers' hammers. When I was a boy, I remember seeing them put up a new tower at Torrhen's Square in a summer. Men worked back then. Today, my Holdfast looks like it was built by drunk children. At night you can hear the wind howling through the gaps. And the Gods forbid it rains. Why, I might as well sleep beneath a waterfall.

LUWIN: Maintenance of a Holdfast generally falls to the lord of that Holdfast.

LORD: Generally, yes, but I've sent all the young men off to fight Robb Stark's war.

BRAN: King Robb. And it's not his war. He didn't choose it.

LORD: Maybe not, My Lord, but he called in his Banners, and took the men.

BRAN: Joffrey killed my father, your liege lord. Do you remember your vows, Ser?

LORD: Of course I remember!

LUWIN: We can spare four masons for a week, My Lord. Will that be sufficient to repair your walls?

LORD: I - I believe it will.

The man walks away. After a moment, Luwin turns to Bran.

LUWIN: We didn't want him here all day, did we?

BRAN: I didn't like the way he was talking about Robb.

LUWIN: Nor did I. But listening to people you'd rather not listen to is one of your responsibilities as Lord of Winterfell. (Bran sighs). Lord Portan.

PORTAN: (Walks forward). My Lord, may the Old Gods watch over your brother and all our northern sons.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WOODS

The camera changes to first-person. A character is running through the woods, panting. The character looks up to the red comet above the trees, and then back down to the pool in the godswood. The character approaches the pool and looks down at their reflection, revealing themselves to be Summer, Bran¡¯s direwolf.

INT. BRAN¡¯S BEDROOM

Bran lays in his bed, asleep. His eyes suddenly open.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. WOODS - LATER THAT DAY

Hodor walks with Bran on his back, closely following Osha. Osha squats next to some plants. Hodor continues walking.

OSHA: Boil this for an hour and drink the tea. Makes all your pain go away.

Osha pockets some of the plant.

BRAN: Don't have any pain.

OSHA: Lucky for you.

BRAN: That way.

Bran points, and Hodor changes direction, heading for the godswood. Osha turns and begins following them.

OSHA: You've been having those dreams again.

BRAN: I don't dream.

OSHA: Everyone dreams.

BRAN: I don't. Heard some of the men talking about the comet. (Bran looks up at the comet). They say it's an omen. They say it means Robb will win a great victory in the South.

OSHA: Did they? (Hodor is kneeling next to the pool in the godswood. Osha begins unstrapping Bran from Hodor¡¯s back). I heard some other fools say it's Lannister Red. Means the Lannisters will rule all Seven Kingdoms before long. I heard a stable boy say it's the color of blood, to mark the death of your father.

Osha places Bran on the ground. He begins crawling towards the edge of the pool.

OSHA: The stars don't fall for men. The red comet means one thing, boy. Dragons.

Bran looks at his reflection in the pool.

BRAN: The dragons are all dead. They've been dead for centuries.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: ESSOS

EXT. DESERT

Some people walk through the desert. The camera pans up to reveal Daenerys, with Drogon on her shoulder, and her Khalasar. Daenerys attempts to feed Drogon some meat, but he refuses.

DOREAH: What did your brother say about them, Khaleesi?

DAENERYS: He said they ate meat.

DOREAH: He didn't tell you what kind of meat?

DAENERYS: My brother didn't know anything about dragons. He didn't know anything about anything.

Doreah looks down dejectedly. Daenerys gets Drogon off of her shoulder and into his cage. At the front of the group, a horse suddenly collapses. Jorah jogs forward to investigate. Daenerys follows after him. Daenerys kneels down to look at the horse. She looks up at Jorah, who shakes his head. Daenerys looks down sadly.

DAENERYS: She was Drogo's first gift to me.

JORAH: I remember.

DAENERYS: I promised to protect them. Promised them their enemies would die screaming. How do I make starvation scream?

JORAH: A trick I never learned, I'm afraid.

DAENERYS: Does it ever end?

JORAH: This is further east than I've ever been. But, yes, Khaleesi, everything ends, even the red waste.

DAENERYS: And you're sure there's no other way?

JORAH: If we go south to the land of the Lazarheen, the Lamb Men will kill us and take your dragons. If we go west to the Dothraki Sea, the first Khalasar we meet will kill us and take your dragons.

DAENERYS: No one will take my dragons.

JORAH: They are too weak to fight, as are your people. You must be their strength.

DAENERYS: (Turns to Jorah) As you are mine.

Daenerys says something in Dothraki, calling Rakharo and some others over. She then stands up, and addresses Rakharo and two others.

DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro. Take our remaining horses. You will ride east, you southeast, and you northeast.

RAKHARO: (Speaking Dothraki) What do we seek, Khaleesi?

DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Cities, living or dead. Caravans and people. Rivers or lakes or the great salt sea. Find how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side.

Rakharo and the other two riders walk away. Later, as Rakharo is almost ready to leave, Daenerys approaches him.

DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Rokharo, you are my last hope, blood of my blood.

RAKHARO: (Speaking Dothraki) I will not fail you, blood of my blood.

DAENERYS: You never have.

RAKHARO: This is¡­ bad time to start.

Rakharo and the other two riders take off. Daenerys stares at the red comet, looking troubled.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL

EXT. WOODS

The large party of Night¡¯s Watchmen continue through the woods on horseback. Sam, Grenn, and Edd surround a sledge trapped in the snow on the side of the road.

JON: Having a rough time of it?

SAM: Nothing's killed me yet.

GRENN: Your ass killed the sledge.

SAM: You offered me a ride!

GRENN: I just wanted you to shut up about your damn blisters.

The party reaches a large camp. Some of them dismount. The camera pans up to view a large wooden house in the center.

EDD: I was born in a place like this. Later, I fell on hard times.

The camera moves through the camp, to show some of the women working.

SAM: Are those girls?

EDD: Craster's daughters.

SAM: I haven't seen a girl in six months.

EDD: I'd keep on not seeing them if I were you.

GRENN: What, he don't like people messing with his daughters?

EDD: (Smirking) He don't like people messing with his wives.

Jon, Sam, and Grenn all look at Edd, surprised.

EDD: He marries his daughters, and they give him more daughters, and on, and on it goes.

SAM: That's foul.

GRENN: It's beyond foul.

EDD: All the other wildlings for a hundred leagues have disappeared. Craster's still here. He must be doing something right.

JON: What happens to the boys?

SAM: Hmm?

JON: He marries his daughters. What does he do with his sons?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. CRASTER¡¯S LODGE

Craster, Mormont, and a number of watchmen sit around a fire.

LORD MORMONT: He said he planned to stop here on his way to the Frostfangs.

CRASTER: People make all sorts of plans. I haven't seen Benjen Stark in three years. Haven't missed him. Always treated me like scum. (Sips his wine). Haven't had any good wine for a long time. You Southerners make good wine, I'll give you that.

JON: (Standing off to the side of the room) We're not Southerners.

CRASTER: Who's this little girl? You're prettier than half my daughters. You got a nice wet twat between your legs? What's your name?

JON: Jon Snow.

CRASTER: Snow, eh? Listen to me, bastard. All you lot from south of the Wall, you're Southerners. But now you're in the North, the real North.

LORD MORMONT: The lad meant no harm.

CRASTER: I catch that pretty little bastard talking to my daughters -

LORD MORMONT: No one will talk to your daughters, you have my word. (Turns to Jon) Now, sit down and shut your mouth.

Jon takes a seat at the fire.

CRASTER: You bring any of that good wine with you?

LORD MORMONT: We did. We passed through six villages on the way here. All six were abandoned. Where have all the wildlings gone?

As the conversation continues, Jon looks around at some of Craster¡¯s daughters in the rafters.

CRASTER: I could tell you, but I'm thirsty.

LORD MORMONT: There's a barrel of Dornish wine on the sledge. Bring it in here.

WATCHMAN: Yes, commander.

CRASTER: You want to know where they've all gone? North! To join up with Mance Rayder Your old friend.

LORD MORMONT: He's no friend of mine. He broke his vows, betrayed his brothers!

CRASTER: Oh, aye. But once he was just a poor black crow. And now he's King-Beyond-the-Wall.

LORD MORMONT: He's been calling himself that for years. What¡¯s he king of? A frozen lake somewhere?

Craster looks at the watchman sitting next to Mormont and points.

CRASTER: That's a good-looking axe. Fresh forged?

LORD MORMONT: Give it here.

Mormont beckons to the watchman, who begrudgingly hands Mormont the axe.

LORD MORMONT: You'll have another one made at Castle Black. (Hands the axe to Craster). Here.

CRASTER: (Inspecting the axe). Oh, that's some lovely steel. (Loudly brings the axe down). You want to know what Mance Rayder is doing? Gathering an army. What I hear, he's already got more men than any of your southern kings.

LORD MORMONT: And where does he plan marching this army?

CRASTER: When you're all the way north, there's only one direction to go.

LORD MORMONT: These are bad times to be living alone in the wild. The cold winds are rising.

CRASTER: Let them come. My roots are sunk deep. (Grabs Gilly) Wife, tell the Lord Crow how content we are.

GILLY: This is our place. Our husband keeps us safe. Better to live free than die a slave.

CRASTER: Don't it make you jealous, old man, to see me with all these young wives and you with no one to warm your bed?

LORD MORMONT: We chose different paths.

CRASTER: Oh, aye, and you chose the path with no one but boys on it. (Stands up). You'll be wanting to sleep beneath my roof, I suppose, and eat me out of pigs.

LORD MORMONT: (Stands up) A roof would be welcome. It's been hard riding. We've brought our own food and good steel for you.

CRASTER: (Addressing the group). Any man lays a hand on one of my wives, he loses the hand. And I see this one, (Gestures towards Jon), staring too long, I might just gouge his eyes out.

LORD MORMONT: Your roof, your rules.

The crows all leave the lodge.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. IN THE CAMP

Mormont roughly grabs Jon and pins him against a wooden post.

LORD MORMONT: (Angrily) Who am I? (Jon looks confused) Who am I?

JON: Lord commander.

LORD MORMONT: And who are you?

JON: Jon Snow.

LORD MORMONT: Who are you?

JON: Your steward.

LORD MORMONT: You want to lead one day? (Jon nods). Then learn how to follow.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: DRAGONSTONE

EXT. BEACH

The camera pans down from the red comet to Maester Cressen, holding a torch and running. Melisandre can be heard speaking in the distance.

MELISANDRE: Lord of Light, come to us in our darkness. We offer you these false Gods.

Cressen approaches a group gathered on the beach, burning some effigies. Melisandre is speaking to them.

MELISANDRE: Take them and cast your light upon us. For the night is dark and full of terrors.

THE GROUP: (In unison) For the night is dark and full of terrors.

Cressen reaches the group and hands his torch to another man.

MELISANDRE: After the long summer, darkness will fall heavy on the world. Stars will bleed.

CRESSEN: (To Davos) We need to stop her!

MELISANDRE: The cold breath of winter will freeze the seas.

DAVOS: (Looks to Stannis) Not now.

MELISANDRE: And the dead shall rise in the North.

CRESSEN: (Walks forward, interrupting Melisandre). All you men were named in the Light of the Seven! Is this how you treat the Gods of your fathers? Are you so eager to spit on your ancestors?

After a long silence, Melisandre approaches Cressen and caresses his face.

MELISANDRE: You smell of fear, fear and piss and old bones. Do you want to stop me? Stop me.

After a moment, Cressen begrudgingly stands aside.

MELISANDRE: In the ancient books, it's written that a warrior will draw a burning sword from the fire. And that sword shall be Lightbringer. Stannis Baratheon, warrior of light, your sword awaits you.

Stannis approaches one of the burning effigies as everyone else looks on. He pulls a sword out from the base and carries it high, to applause. When he sticks it in the sand, the crowd kneels.

CROWD: Lord, cast your light upon us!

MELISANDRE: For the night is dark and full of terrors.

STANNIS: For the night is dark and full of terror.

Stannis then walks away, almost forgetting to bring his wife with him. The rest of the crowd gets up to leave moments later. Davos and Cressen stay behind a moment to talk.

CRESSEN: This woman will lead him into a war he cannot win.

DAVOS: Stannis is our king. We follow where he leads, even if we don't like the path.

CRESSEN: (Scoffs) King. Since that boar killed his brother, every lord wants a coronation.

DAVOS: I don't serve the others. I serve Stannis.

CRESSEN: As do I, but loyal service means telling hard truths. He's surrounded by fools and fanatics, but he trusts you, Davos. (Davos picks up the sword and inspects it). If you tell him the truth¡­

DAVOS: What's the truth?

Cressen looks crestfallen. Davos walks away with the sword. Cressen looks up at the burning effigies.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DRAGONSTONE - LATER THAT DAY

Matthos reads out a letter for Stannis to proofread, as they and some other characters sit around a table.

MATTHOS: ¡°And I declare upon the honor of my house that my beloved brother Robert le-¡±

STANNIS: He wasn't my beloved brother. (Matthos looks up). I didn't love him, he didn't love me.

DAVOS: A harmless courtesy, Your Grace.

STANNIS: A lie. Take it out.

Matthos scratches ¡®beloved¡¯ off of the letter, and then continues.

MATTHOS: ¡°That my brother Robert left no trueborn heirs; the boy Joffrey, the boy Tommen, and the girl Myrcella, being born of incest between Cersei Lannister and her brother Jaime Lannister. By right of birth -"

STANNIS: Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. Call him what he is.

Matthos adds in ¡®the Kingslayer,¡¯ and continues. Davos notices Cressen slip something into his own glass of wine.

MATTHOS: "And her brother Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. By right of birth and blood, I do this day lay claim -"

STANNIS: Make it Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. Whatever else he is, the man's still a knight.

MATTHOS: (Adding Ser) "Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. By right of birth and blood, I do this day lay claim to the Iron Throne of Westeros. (Stannis nods). Let all true men declare their loyalty.¡±

STANNIS: When Eddard Stark learned the truth, he told only me. I'll not make the same mistake. Send copies of that letter to every corner of the Realm, from the Arbor to the Wall. The time has come to choose. Let no man claim ignorance as an excuse.

DAVOS: Your Grace, the Lannisters are the true enemy. If, for the time being, you could make peace with your brother -

STANNIS: I'll not make peace with Renly while he calls himself King.

DAVOS: Well, many have already declared for him; Mace Tyrell, Randyll Tarly.

MELISANDRE: Stannis does not need to beg this lord or that lord for support. The Lord of Light stands behind him.

DAVOS: And how many ships has the Lord of Light got in his fleet?

MELISANDRE: He has no need for ships.

DAVOS: I'm sure he doesn't, but we do if we're going to war. If not Renly, Your Grace, join forces with Robb Stark.

STANNIS: Who would steal the northern half of my kingdom. I've always served thieves according to their desserts, as you well know, Ser Davos. Joffrey, Renly, Robb Stark, they're all thieves. They'll bend the knee or I'll destroy them.

CRESSEN: (Stands up). I owe you an apology, my King. My duty is to serve. You have chosen the new God over the Old Gods. May the Lord of Light watch over us all. Shall we drink together?

DAVOS: (Whispers to Cressen) Don't.

Cressen stands up with the drugged glass of wine, and walks over to where Melisandre is sitting.

CRESSEN: A cup of wine to honor the one true God.

Melisandre stands up. Everyone at the table reaches for their own wine glasses. Cressen takes a sip of the drugged wine and offers it to Melisandre. Davos nervously watches her take the glass. Cressen begins to stumble and bleed from his nose. Melisandre drink a large portion of the wine. As he falls to the floor dead, Davos and many others stand up. Melisandre appears unphased by the poison.

MELISANDRE: The night is dark and full of terrors, old man, but the fire burns them all away. Your Grace.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: NORTH

EXT. STARK CAMP

The camera pans over a watchtower to a wide shot of the camp. In the camp, Robb stark is led by a man with a torch to where Jaime is being held. Robb enters Jaime¡¯s cage, where he is tied to a wooden pole, a good distance from the walls of the cage.

JAIME: King in the North. I keep expecting you to leave me in one castle or another for safekeeping, but you drag me along from camp to camp. Have you grown fond of me, Stark? Is that it? I've never seen you with a girl.

ROBB: If I left you with one of my bannermen, your father would know within a fortnight, and my bannerman would receive a raven with a message, "Release my son and you'll be rich beyond your dreams. Refuse and your house will be destroyed, root and stem.¡±

JAIME: You don't trust the loyalty of the men following you into battle?

ROBB: Oh, I trust them with my life. Just not with yours.

JAIME: Smart boy. What's wrong? Don't like being called ¡®boy¡¯? Insulted?

Robb looks behind Jaime¡¯s cage. As Jaime nervously strains to look behind him, Grey Wind can be heard heavily walking to the front of the cage.

ROBB: You insult yourself, Kingslayer. You've been defeated by a boy.

With Grey Wind now fully in view, Jaime loses his brave facade.

ROBB: You're held captive by a boy. Perhaps you'll be killed by a boy. (Grey Wind enters the cage. Jaime looks very nervous). Stannis Baratheon sent ravens to all the high lords of Westeros. King Joffrey Baratheon is neither a true king nor a true Baratheon. (Jaime focuses back on Robb). He's your bastard son.

JAIME: If that's true, Stannis is the rightful king. How convenient for him.

ROBB: My father learned the truth. That's why you had him executed.

JAIME: I was your prisoner when Ned Stark lost his head.

ROBB: Your son killed him so the world wouldn't learn who fathered him. And you... you pushed my brother from a window because he saw you with the queen.

JAIME: You have proof? Or do you want to trade gossip like a couple of fishwives?

ROBB: I'm sending one of your cousins down to King's Landing with my peace terms.

JAIME: You think my father's going to negotiate with you? You don't know him very well.

ROBB: No, but he's starting to know me.

JAIME: Three victories don't make you a conqueror.

ROBB: It's better than three defeats.

Robb nudges Grey Wind towards Jaime and leaves the cage. Grey Wind growls in Jaime¡¯s face and comes close to biting him. Jaime closes his eyes in preparation, but when he opens them back up, Grey Wind is gone.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING¡¯S LANDING

INT. TYRION¡¯S ROOM

Shae looks out from the balcony in Tyrion¡¯s room.

SHAE: This city stinks Like dead bodies.

TYRION: A bit corpsey, yes.

SHAE: And shit.

Shae hops down from the balcony, and walks back into the room.

TYRION: I thought you wanted to come here.

SHAE: I love it.

TYRION: You love the smell of dead bodies and shit?

SHAE: And cum and garlic and rum.

TYRION: You can smell cum from the balcony?

SHAE: I love the stink. I love the noise. Cities make me want to fuck.

TYRION: And so did the country.

Shae lays back on Tyrion¡¯s bed.

SHAE: This is where I belong.

TYRION: Yes, well, you need to be careful. No one can know you're here.

SHAE: No one will know.

TYRION: You can't trust anyone in King's Landing. They're all liars; good liars, bad liars, one or two great liars.

SHAE: What about you?

TYRION: Me? I'm not from here. I'm a slave to the truth.

SHAE: Truth? (Laughs) You are the biggest little liar I have ever met.

TYRION: Why do you think I am so little? I'm being, (Lays down on the bed with Shae), crushed beneath the weight of all that truth.

TYRION: Ned Stark actually slept on this, as if the poor man didn't suffer enough. One of the many changes we'll have to make around here.

Tyrion and Shae kiss as a bell rings in the distance.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. HALLWAY

A servant boy can be seen scrubbing something on the floor, as Baelish walks down a hallway next to a courtyard. Cersei and some kingsguard approach from behind.

CERSEI: Lord Baelish.

BAELISH: Your Grace.

CERSEI: I wonder if I might ask you for a favor.

BAELISH: Of course, Your Grace.

CERSEI: Ned Stark's youngest daughter Arya... we can't seem to locate her.

Baelish begins walking with Cersei and her guards.

BAELISH: If she's escaped the capital, Winterfell seems the logical destination.

CERSEI: And yet my friends in the North report no sign of her.

BAELISH: Curious.

CERSEI: If we choose to negotiate with the Starks, the girl has some value. Whoever finds her, well, you know what they say about Lannisters and debts.

BAELISH: Well, you could ask Varys where she is. He'll have an answer for you. Whether you believe it,,, Myself, I have always had a hard time trusting eunuchs. (Smiles) Who knows what they want?

CERSEI: A mockingbird. (Points to a pin on Baelish¡¯s shirt). You created your own Sigil, didn't you?

BAELISH: Yes.

CERSEI: Appropriate for a self-made man with so many songs to sing.

BAELISH: I'm glad you like it. Some people are fortunate enough to be born into the right family. Others have to find their own way.

CERSEI: I heard a song once about a boy of modest means who found his way into the home of a very prominent family. He loved the eldest daughter. Sadly, she had eyes for another.

BAELISH: When boys and girls live in the same home, awkward situations can arise. Sometimes, I've heard, even brothers and sisters develop certain affections. And when these affections become common knowledge, well, that is an awkward situation, indeed. Especially in a prominent family. But prominent families often forget a simple truth, I've found.

CERSEI: And which truth is that?

BAELISH: Knowledge is power.

CERSEI: Seize him. (Cersei¡¯s guards seize Baelish). Cut his throat. (A guard holds a knife to Baelish¡¯s neck). Stop. Wait. I've changed my mind. Let him go. (The guards let Baelish go). Step back three paces. Turn around. Close your eyes. (The guards do as Cersei says). (To Baelish) Power is power. Do see if you can take some time away from your coins and your whores to locate the Stark girl for me. I would very much appreciate it.

Cersei walks away from Baelish, her guards following close behind. The servant boy scrubbing the floor looks up at Baelish.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: NORTH

INT. ROBB¡¯S TENT

ROBB: You're Ser Alton Lannister?

ALTON: I am, Your Grace.

ROBB: I offer your cousins peace if they meet my terms. First, your family must release my sisters. Second, my father's bones must be returned to us so he may rest beside his brother and sister in the crypts beneath Winterfell. And the remains of all those who died in his service must also be returned. Their families can honor them with proper funerals.

ALTON: An honorable request, Your Grace.

ROBB: Third... Joffrey and the Queen Regent must renounce all claim to dominion of the North. From this time, till the end of time, we are a free and independent kingdom.

Alton looks at him wide-eyed.

SER RODRIK: The King in the North.

THE OTHERS AT THE TABLE: King in the North.

ROBB: Neither Joffrey nor any of his men shall set foot in our lands again. If he disregards this command, he shall suffer the same fate as my father, only I don't need a servant to do my beheading for me.

ALTON: These are... Your Grace, these are...

ROBB: These are my terms. If the Queen Regent and her son meet them, I'll give them peace. If not, I will litter the south with Lannister dead.

ALTON: King Joffrey is a Baratheon, Your Grace.

ROBB: Oh, is he? You'll ride at daybreak, Ser Alton. That will be all for tonight.

After everyone else leaves the tent, Theon approaches Robb.

THEON: A word, Your Grace?

ROBB: You don't have to call me ¡®Your Grace¡¯ when no one's around.

THEON: It's not so bad once you get used to it.

ROBB: I'm glad someone's gotten used to it.

THEON: The Lannisters are going to reject your terms, you know?

ROBB: Of course they are.

THEON: We can fight them in the fields as long as you like, but we won't beat them until you take King's Landing. And we can't take King's Landing without ships. My father has ships and men who know how to sail them.

ROBB: Men who fought my father.

THEON: Men who fought King Robert to free themselves from the yoke of the South, just like you're doing now. I'm his only living son. He'll listen to me. I know he will. I'm not a Stark. I know that. But your father raised me to be an honorable man. We can avenge him together.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. A DIFFERENT TENT - LATER

CATELYN: You don't want Balon Greyjoy for an ally.

ROBB: I need his ships. They say he has 200.

CATELYN: They say a million rats live in the sewers of King's Landing. Shall we rally them to fight for us?

Catelyn is preparing to go somewhere, gathering up various items.

ROBB: I understand you don't trust Lord Greyjoy.

CATELYN: I don't trust Lord Greyjoy because he is not trustworthy. Your father had to go to war to end his rebellion.

ROBB: Yes. And now I'm the one rebelling against the throne. Before me, it was father. You married one rebel and mothered another.

CATELYN: I mothered more than just rebels, a fact you seem to have forgotten.

ROBB: If I trade the Kingslayer for two girls, my bannermen will string me up by my feet.

CATELYN: You want to leave Sansa in the Queen's hands? And Arya, I haven't heard a word about Arya. What are we fighting for if not for them?

ROBB: It's more complicated than that! You know it is.

A long pause follows. Catelyn sits down.

CATELYN: It's time for me to go home. I haven't seen Bran or Rickon in months.

ROBB: You can't go to Winterfell.

CATELYN: I beg your pardon?

ROBB: I'll send Rodrik to watch over the boys, ¡®cause tomorrow, you'll ride south to the Stormlands.

CATELYN: Why in the name of all the Gods -

ROBB: Because I need you to negotiate with Renly Baratheon. He's rallied an army of 100,000. You know him. You know his family.

CATELYN: I haven't seen Renly Baratheon since he was a boy. You have a hundred other lords -

ROBB: Which of these lords do I trust more than you? If Renly sides with us, we'll outnumber them two to one. When they feel the jaws beginning to shut, they'll sue for peace. We'll get the girls back. Then we'll all go home for good.

CATELYN: I will ride at first light.

Robb kisses Catelyn¡¯s forehead, and they embrace.

ROBB: We will all be together again soon, I promise.

CATELYN: You've done so well. Your father would be proud.

ROBB: (Pauses) Give Lord Renly my regards.

CATELYN: King Renly. There's a king in every corner now.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING¡¯S LANDING

INT. THRONE ROOM

Cersei and her guards enter the throne room. Extensive work is being done, overseen by Joffrey.

CERSEI: What is all this?

JOFFREY: Returning this room to its proper appearance. Say what you will about the Targaryens, they were conquerors. That is a seat for a conqueror. It needs a room to match it, not vines and flowers.

CERSEI: We can't find Arya Stark.

JOFFREY: With luck, she's dead in a ditch somewhere.

CERSEI: Perhaps. But if not, we need her. They'll never give Jaime back to us for Sansa alone.

JOFFREY: I think they might. They're weak. They put too much value on their women. (Walks towards the throne).

CERSEI: We need to set our armies to the task of finding her. Send out as many men as we can. I'm sure if you asked grandfather -

JOFFREY: The King does not ask; He commands. And my grandfather's stupidity in the field of battle is the reason Robb Stark has Uncle Jaime in the first place.

CERSEI: His life is in danger.

JOFFREY: We're at war. All our lives are in danger. I heard a disgusting lie about Uncle Jaime. And you.

CERSEI: Our enemies will say anything to weaken your claim to the throne.

JOFFREY: It's not a claim. The throne is mine.

CERSEI: Of course it is. No one believes this foul gossip -

JOFFREY: Someone believes it. Father had other children? Besides me and Tommen and Myrcella?

CERSEI: What are you asking?

JOFFREY: I'm asking if he fucked other women when he grew tired of you. How many bastards does he have running -

Cersei instinctively slaps Joffrey. It grows quiet as many workers look over at Joffrey and Cersei. Joffre looks up shocked, and then around to the workers in the room. Cersei appears nervous.

JOFFREY: What you just did is punishable by death. You will never do it again. Never. (Joffrey begins to walk away). That will be all, Mother.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BROTHEL

A man and a woman are having sex. The woman is shrieking loudly.

ROZ: No, no, no, no. Do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound? Ease into it. Slowly, with passion.

The man and woman go back to having sex, this time with the woman slowly moaning.

ROZ: Go wash yourselves. Put some clothes on. Both of you are working tonight.

Roz walks Daisy through the brothel.

ROZ: We do things differently here, Daisy. This isn't some five-copper bawdy house in Hayseed Hall.

DAISY: Haystack Hall.

ROZ: Wherever you're from. Our establishment doesn't cater to ploughmen and goat herders. (Nods to a man walking past). Lord Olsen. Taste is everything here.

DAISY: Littlefinger's a fancy man.

ROZ: Don't call him Littlefinger, he doesn't like it. Lord Baelish.

As they enter a new room, a prostitute and two men with her get up to leave.

ROZ: She pretends she doesn't speak the common tongue so that people will think she's exotic. She grew up just down the road in flea bottom.

DAISY: She's beautiful.

ROZ: She's a dumb slut, really, but a lid for every pot. (Janos enters the room). Lord Commander. Good to see you, again.

Janos is followed by a number of gold cloaks, some of whom are dragging along a prisoner. Some leave to search other rooms.

ROZ: You do realize this establishment is owned by Lord Petyr Baelish, the King's Master of Coin. Coin which goes in many pockets.

JANOS: Orders.

ROZ: Whose orders?

JANOS: Someone who doesn't care what Littlefinger thinks.

MHAEGAN: No, you can't!

Some gold cloaks force Mhaegan and her baby, Barra, into the room. She begins crying. The prisoner looks at Barra, and back to Janos. He then nods. A gold cloak lets go of the prisoner and takes the Barra from Mhaegan.

MHAEGAN: No! Please! No! Not my Barra! Please. Please.

The gold cloak holds a knife to the baby¡¯s throat, hesitantly. Throughout the whole ordeal, Mhaegan continues begging for Barra¡¯s life.

JANOS: Enough. Get it done. Kill the bastard.

After a moment, Janos takes out a knife and grabs the baby.

JANOS: Give it here.

Janos kills the baby just off screen, and Mhaegan shrieks. Janos and the other gold cloaks leave the brothel.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. A DOCK

Some gold cloaks walk along a dock. They go up some stairs.

GOLD CLOAK: Spread out! Search every house, every room. Look in every room.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. A HOUSE

Some gold cloaks burst into a house and kill the inhabitants.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. A DOCK

Outside again, a gold cloak tosses a young boy into the water and proceeds to drown him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. STREET

Some gold cloaks hold back a large mob as a baby is carried away. A gold cloak looks on as the baby is presumably killed.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SMITHY

Janos and a number of gold cloaks arrive at the smithy. A gold cloak is holding the blacksmith¡¯s face near some hot coals.

BLACKSMITH: Gendry! His name is Gendry.

JANOS: Where is the bastard?

BLACKSMITH: The Night's Watch! Please, stop!

JANOS: Where?

BLACKSMITH: They took him up the Kingsroad, heading north!

JANOS: How will we know him?

BLACKSMITH: He's got a bull's head helmet. He made it himself.

JANOS: Find him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: YOREN¡¯S PARTY

EXT. A ROAD SURROUNDED BY TREES

Gendry loads some things into a cart, and then helps Arya up onto the cart with him. The camera goes to a wide shot of the group Yoren is leading to the wall.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER

CERSEI: What are you doing here?

VARYS: Your father has named Lord Tyrion to (Cersei scoffs) serve as hand in his stead.

TYRION: You brought this on yourself.

CERSEI: I¡¯ve done nothing.

TYRION: Do you understand we¡¯re losing the war?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. DESERT

DAENERYS: Does it ever end?

JORAH: Everything ends, even the red waste.

DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro.. Take our remaining horses. Find out how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT./EXT. CRASTER¡¯S CAMP

EDD: All the other wildlings for a hundred leagues have disappeared. Craster¡¯s still here.

CRASTER: Any man lays a hand on one of my wives, he loses the hand.

EDD: He marries his daughters, and they give him more daughters.

JON: What happens to the boys? What does he do with his sons?

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DRAGONSTONE

MATTHOS: (Reading a letter) My brother Robert left no trueborn heirs, the boy Joffrey being born of incest between Cersei Lannister, and her brother Jaime Lannister. By right of birth, and blood, I do this day lay claim to the Iron Throne of Westeros.

STANNIS: Send copies of that letter to every corner of the realm.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. STARK CAMP

ROBB: I¡¯m sending one of your cousins down to King¡¯s Landing with my peace terms.

JAIME: You think my father¡¯s going to negotiate with you? You don¡¯t know him very well.

THEON: We won¡¯t beat them until we take King¡¯s Landing, and we can¡¯t take King¡¯s Landing without ships. My father has ships, and men who know how to sail them.

ROBB: Men who fought my father.

THEON: I¡¯m his only living son. He¡¯ll listen to me.

CATELYN: You don¡¯t want Balon Greyjoy for an ally.

ROBB: I need his ships.

CATELYN: He is not trustworthy!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. THRONE ROOM

JOFFREY: I heard a disgusting lie about uncle Jaime¡­ and you. Father had other children?

CERSEI: What are you asking?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BROTHEL

Janos pulls out a knife and kills the infant Barra, as his mother Mhaegen looks on.

JOFFREY: How many bastards does he have running around?

Shots of gold cloaks murdering people.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. BLACKSMITH

A gold cloak holds the blacksmiths face near some hot coals.

JANOS: Where is the bastard?

BLACKSMITH: The Night¡¯s Watch! Heading North!

Shot of Gendry, Arya, and their party on the road.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
END COLD OPEN

TITLE SEQUENCE

Water can be heard trickling down. The opening shot is of Arya, her back to the camera, sitting by a pool of water in the woods. She turns her head to the left. Then some leaves rustle, and she turns to the right. A horse whinnies, and she walks towards some other people. Many of them are gathering wood, and she joins in. Jaqen H¡¯ghar, Rorge, and Biter watch her as she walks past their cage.

JAQEN: (Whispers) Boy.

Arya looks up at the cage.

JAQEN: (Whispers) Lovely boy.

ARYA: (Stops walking). What do you want?

JAQEN: A man has a thirst. The man does not drink for a day and a night. A boy could make a friend.

ARYA: (Walks toward the cave). I have friends.

RORGE: Give us a beer. Before I skin you.

JAQEN: A man does not choose his companions. These two, they have no courtesy. A man must ask forgiveness. (Pause). You're called Arry. (Arya nods). This man has the honor to be Jaqen H'ghar. Once of the Free City of Lorath.

RORGE: Hey, you little shit. Get us beer!

Arya throws down the wood she was holding and looks at Rorge angrily.

ARYA: You should have asked nicely.

Arya begins hitting the cage with a stick, trying to hit Rorge. Rorge tries to claw back. Jaqen laughs at the exchange. Biter looks on.

RORGE: Come closer. And I'll shove that stick up your bunghole and fuck you bloody.

JAQEN: (Quietly) The boy has more courage than sense.

RORGE: Come here!

Rorge reaches out at Arya. Gendry walks past holding wood. Arya joins him.

GENDRY: Yoren said none of us were should go near of those three.

RORGE: Come here!

ARYA: They don't scare me.

GENDRY: Hmm? Then you're stupid. They scare me.

Two gold cloaks ride in on horseback. Gendry puts down the wood he was carrying.

ARYA: What are gold cloaks doing this far from King's Landing?

Arya attempts to hide under some wood.

GENDRY: What are you doing?

ARYA: They're looking for me.

GOLD CLOAK: You're in command here?

YOREN: You're a long way from home.

GOLD CLOAK: I asked you a question.

YOREN: Aye, you did. You asked without manners. And I chose not to answer.

GOLD CLOAK: (Pulls out rolled up paper and hands it to Yoren). I have a royal warrant. For one of these gutter rats you're transporting.

Gendry looks at Arya. Arya looks back, pursing her lips.

YOREN: Well the thing is, (Hands back the paper), these gutter rats belong to the Night's Watch now. That puts them beyond the reach of kings and queens.

The gold cloak tries to pull out his sword. Yoren quickly pulls out his dagger and puts it to the man¡¯s leg.

YOREN: It's a funny thing. People worry so much about their throats, they forget about what's down low. Now I sharpened this blade before breakfast. I could shave a spider's arse if I wanted to. Or, I could nick this artery in your leg and once it's nicked, there's no one around here who knows how to un-nick it.

Yoren takes the gold cloak¡¯s sword. The other gold cloak pulls his out.

YOREN: We'll just keep that. Good steel is always needed on the wall. Seems you have a choice. You can die here at this crossroads a long way from home. Or you can go back to your city and tell your masters you didn't find what you were looking for.

GOLD CLOAK: We're looking for a boy named Gendry. (Gendry and Arya look shocked). He carries a bull's head helmet. Anyone turning him over will earn the King's reward. We'll be back. With more men. (To Yoren) And I'll be taking your head home along with that bastard boy.

The gold cloaks ride off. Gendry and Arya stands up. Everyone in the party turns to look at Gendry.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING¡¯S LANDING

INT. RED KEEP

Tyrion walks through a room and into a hallway, whistling. As he opens the door to his room, Shae laughs, and he stops whistling. Shae and Varys are sitting at a table. Varys stands up, and Tyrion looks at Shae, and closes the door.

VARYS: My lord.

SHAE: You make me wait a long time, but your friend keeps me company.

VARYS: We were just speaking of your bravery in the victory against the Stark auxiliary forces.

TYRION: It was quite a battle.

Tyrion walks over to the window to get some wine.

VARYS: I heard you suffered a terrible head wound. The northerners are such fearsome warriors.

SHAE: And I tell him the story of how we meet.

VARYS: To find so lovely creature working in your father's kitchen. It almost beggars belief.

TYRION: (Begins to pour wine). Strange things do happen. You should taste her fish pie.

SHAE: I don't think Lord Varys likes fish pie.

VARYS: How can you tell?

SHAE: I can always tell.

TYRION: Men like Lord Varys and I can't let our disadvantages get the best of us. We'll make a fisherman of him yet. (Takes a sip).

VARYS: I am glad your new friend was able to accompany you to the capital. Friends are such an important part of life. Unfortunate that your father didn't want her to come. But rest easy my lord, I am very good at keeping secrets for my good friends.

TYRION: Your discretion is legendary, where your friends are concerned.

VARYS: How unspeakable of me to go on and on, when all you want to do is rest. I will leave you. (Kisses Shae¡¯s hand). Welcome to Kings Landing, my dear. The city is made brighter by your presence. We have a council meeting, my lord.

Shae stands up, and walks away. Tyrion puts his hand on the door, blocking it from being opened.

TYRION: I don't like threats.

VARYS: Who threatened you?

TYRION: I'm not Ned Stark. I understand the way this game is played.

VARYS: Ned Stark was a man of honor.

TYRION: And I am not. Threaten me again and I will have you thrown into the sea.

VARYS: You might be disappointed in the results. The storms come and go. The big fish eat the little fish. And I keep on paddling. Come, my lord. We shouldn't keep the queen waiting.

Tyrion opens the door. He and Varys exit. Varys closes the door behind them.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER

The small council sits at their table. Alton stands nearby. Cersei is reading a letter aloud.

CERSEI: ¡°From this time until the end of time, we are not part of your realm, but a free and independent Kingdom of the North.¡± (Rips up the letter). He has more spirit than his father, I'll give him that.

TYRION: You've perfected the art of tearing up papers. Give him his father's bones back, at least, as a gesture of good faith.

CERSEI: You'll give the Starks our reply, cousin?

ALTON: I will, Your Grace.

CERSEI: Did you see my brother when you were the Starks guest?

Varys and Baelish look annoyed.

ALTON: I did. They have not broken his spirit, Your Grace.

CERSEI: If you speak with him, tell him he's not been forgotten.

ALTON: I will, Your Grace.

TYRION: Safe travels, cousin.

Alton leaves the room, followed by two gold cloaks.

TYRION: You have a deft hand with diplomacy.

CERSEI: If that's everything?

PYCELLE: (Holding a letter). A raven flew in this morning from Castle Black.

Pycelle hands the letter to Tyrion, who unfurls it and begins reading.

VARYS: Trouble with the wildlings?

BAELISH: That's why they're called wildlings.

VARYS: Somewhat less wild these days. It seems they've stopped killing each other and started following this King-Beyond-the-Wall.

CERSEI: Another king? How many is that now, Five? I've lost count.

TYRION: Lord Commander asks that we send more men to man The Wall.

CERSEI: Perhaps he's forgotten we're fighting a war. We have no men to spare.

TYRION: Cold winds are rising, and the dead rise with them.

PYCELLE: The northerners are a superstitious people.

Everyone but Tyrion stands up to leave.

TYRION: According to the Commander, one of these dead men attacked him in his chambers. (The other stop leaving). Mormont doesn't lie.

VARYS: How do you kill a dead man?

TYRION: Apparently you burn him.

CERSEI: One trip to The Wall and you come back believing in grumpkins and snarks. (Walks away, followed by Varys).

TYRION: I don't know what I believe, but here's a fact for you. The Night's Watch is the only thing that separates us from what lies beyond the Wall.

CERSEI: I have every confidence the brave men of the Night's Watch will protect us all.

Everyone but Tyrion leaves.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL

INT. CRASTER¡¯S CAMP

Sam, Edd, and Grenn are standing at a table. Edd and Grenn are cutting food.

EDD: Then I said, if the gods wanted us to have dignity, wouldn't make us fart when we died.

GRENN: We fart when we die?

EDD: My blessed mother was holding her own when she left this world. She farted so hard, the whole bed shook.

Edd makes farting noises with his mouth as they continue to cut food. Sam looks up and watches Gilly walk past.

SAM: Seems a bit greedy for one man to have so many wives. Wouldn't two, or three, be enough for him?

EDD: We were having a serious discussion.

Grenn looks up to watch some of the women.

GRENN: Would you look at that.

SAM: Nothing like the sight of a woman walking away.

GRENN: I prefer watching them come towards me.

SAM: I'm sure that's nice too.

GRENN: Well, there was a milkmaid named Violet on the next farm over from where I grew up. And we were wrestling together from the time we were six years old. And then we got older, the wrestling, uh, (laughs), changed.

SAM: You were with her? How many times?

GRENN: Well, as many times as I could.

SAM: Wish I'd grew up on a farm.

EDD: We need more potatoes. And get another sack for the sludge. (Sam begins to walk away). Get the turnips too.

As Sam continues walking, a dog barks. Then a woman screams. Sam turns around to see Gilly backed up against a fence post. Ghost stands in front of her, eyeing the meat she is carrying. Sam begins slowly walking over.

SAME: No. Ghost, no. No. Ghost, away. Shoo. Shoo! (Ghost walks away). (To Gilly) You all right? Did he frighten you?

Sam reaches out to touch Gilly, but she flinches back.

GILLY: You shouldn't touch me.

SAM: Oh, oh. Right. I'm sorry. I just wanted to make sure you weren't hurt. (Long pause).

GILLY: You're very brave.

The camera moves to a shot of Jon sharpening his sword. He stops and looks up as Sam and Gilly approach him.

JON: What¡¯re you doing?

SAM: This is Gilly, she's one of Craster's daughters.

JON: Hello, Gilly. What¡¯re you doing?

GILLY: Sam said you could help.

JON: I'm sorry, Sam knows we're not supposed to -

SAM: She's pregnant. (Gilly encourages Sam to continue). We have to take her with us, when we leave.

JON: What? (Stands up).

SAM: I know it sounds a bit mad.

JON: No it doesn't sound a bit mad, it's impossible.

SAM: The Lord Commander, (Jon tries and fails to interrupt Sam), we are sworn to protect -

JON: Sam we can't take her -

GILLY: Please sir, please. I can still run if I have to.

JON: It's just not possible.

GILLY: I'm going to have a baby, if it's a boy I¡­

JON: If it's a boy what? (Gilly looks around and then down, not answering). You want us to risk our lives for you, and you won't even tell us why.

Gilly looks taken aback, and then runs off.

SAM: Why did you do that?

JON: Do what, ask her a question?

SAM: You were cruel.

JON: Cruel! Sam are you in such a hurry to lose a hand?

SAM: I didn't touch her!

JON: No you just want to steal her. What do you think Craster cuts off for that?

SAM: I can't steal her, she's a person not a goat.

JON: We're heading deeper and deeper into wildling territory. We can't take a girl with us. Mormont wouldn't have it. And even if he would, what would we do with her? Who's gonna deliver her baby? You?

SAM: I could try. (Jon looks down, annoyed). What? I've read about it. A bit.

JON: I'm sorry Sam, we can't help her.

Jon sits back down, and returns to sharpening his sword. Sam walks away. When Sam is gone, Jon sighs deeply.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: ESSOS

EXT. DESERT

The camera pans across Daenerys¡¯s people, many of whom appear tired and weak. Jorah and Daenerys sit near each other. After looking out for a few moments, Jorah takes a sip of his water, and then sighs. Then a horse can be heard approaching. Jorah looks up at it, and it is shown to be riderless.

JORAH: Khaleesi.

Daenerys looks up at the horse. Jorah gets up. The horse is covered in red paint. Jorah walks over to it. A soaking wet sack is attached to it. Some hair can be seen poking out of the top. Flies can be heard buzzing. Jorah feels the hair, and Daenerys gets up from where she was sitting to approach the horse. Jorah pulls the object in the sack out a little bit by the hair, revealing it to be a human head. He then puts it back in the sack. Jorah picks up the ponytail of the head, which has been cut off.

JORAH: You don't need to see this.

DAENERYS: He is blood of my blood.

Daenerys looks in the sack, and then quickly looks away.

DAENERYS: Who did this?

JORAH: Khal Pono perhaps, Khal Jhaqo They don't like the idea of a woman leading a Khalasaar.

DAENERYS: They will like it far less when I'm done with them.

Irri walks over and sees the head. She then falls to her knees, crying.

IRRI: No! (Speaking Dothraki, to Daenerys) They killed his soul!

DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Shh. They cannot kill his soul.

IRRI: (Speaking Dothraki) They did! They butchered him like an animal. They did not burn his body. (Daenerys kneels to Irri¡¯s level). He can never join his ancestors in the night lands.

DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Shh. We will build him a funeral pyre.

Daenerys looks up at Jorah. Jorah looks down. Daenerys addresses Irri again, holding her head.

DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) And I promise you, Rakharo will ride with his ancestors tonight.

Daenerys continues to comfort Irri as she cries. Irri wails loudly.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS

EXT. BOAT

Theon stands on a boat, looking out at the Iron Islands. He smiles. The camera then cuts to him below deck. A naked woman lies in his bed. He walks towards the windows.

WOMAN: Is it as you remember my lord?

THEON: (Removes his jacket). Looks smaller.

WOMAN: Everything looks bigger when you're a child. I remember my father's cabin, felt like a palace when I was little. Now look at it.

THEON: (Removes more of his clothes). They'll be waiting for me on the docks.

WOMAN: Who will?

THEON: Anyone who matters, (Takes off his shirt), this is a big day for them. They haven't had much to get excited about since I left. It's a hard place the Iron Islands always has been. It's cold and it's wet.

WOMAN: I love the cold and wet.

THEON: They say hard places breed hard men, (Unbuttons his pants), and hard men rule the world.

WOMAN: Then you'll be king before long.

THEON: (Kneels down). Try smiling with your lips closed. (She does). Hmm, better.

Theon stands up and roughly pushes her back onto the bed.

WOMAN: My father doesn't trust you Iron islanders.

THEON: (Taking off his pants). I don't blame him.

WOMAN: He says that you're all reavers and rapers. And that no matter how many women you have, you'll never be satis-

The woman groans as they begin having sex.

THEON: Quit talking about your father. He's right about us. Our wives from the Iron Islands, they're for breeding. That's not enough for us. That's why we take saltwives, from the women we capture.

WOMAN: Capture me! Take me with you when you go ashore. Make me your saltwife.

THEON: Your place is on this ship.

WOMAN: Not after you leave. Father will punish me. He'll call me a whore.

THEON: I haven't paid you.

Theon flips her over, and they continue having sex.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING¡¯S LANDING

INT. BROTHEL

A prostitute and a man are having sex. A man is watching them through a small hole, while he himself is getting a blowjob. He holds some keys in his hand, which are jingling as he pushes the prostitute¡¯s head. Baelish, in turn, is watching this man. He hears a noise and turns around, then covers the hole he was watching through. A man emerges from another room. A woman can be heard crying from inside.

MAN: I barely touched her. And you charge twice as much as every other brothel. And this is what I get, crying.

BAELISH: One moment, my friend. A moment.

Baelish snaps his fingers, and a woman emerges from another room, covered only in gold jewelry. Out of sight, Baelish wipes some semen from her face with a cloth, and then turns back to the disgruntled man.

BAELISH: Please accept my sincerest apologies. Ramka will take good care of you.

Upon seeing Ramka, the man smiles. As they begin to kiss passionately, Baelish goes to investigate the crying woman. He enters the room to see Roz, curled up on the bed, crying. He walks over to her, putting a hand on her back, and then sits next to her.

ROZ: I¡¯m sorry, my lord.

BAELISH: Shhh. Did he hurt you?

ROZ: No, my lord¡­ It¡¯s Mhaegen.

BAELISH: Who?

ROZ: She works for you. She's the one, the girl whose, they killed her baby.

BAELISH: Ah, yes, that was poorly handled. Sometimes those with the most power have the least grace.

ROZ: Can't stop thinking about it, I can't sleep. Her poor little baby.

BAELISH: You know, you remind me of another girl. A lovely thing I once acquired from an Elysium pleasure house. Beautiful, like yourself, and intelligent as yourself. But she wasn't happy. She cried, often. I asked her why but, we didn't have the kind of rapport that you and I have. Yes, it was quite sad. Girls from Elysium pleasure houses are expensive. Extremely expensive. And this one wasn't making me any money. I hate bad investments. Really, I do. They haunt me. I had no idea how to make her happy, no idea how to mitigate my losses. A very wealthy patron, he offered me a tremendous amount of money to let him transform this lovely, sad girl. To use her in ways that never occur to most men. And you know what occurs to most men. I would not say he succeeded in making her happy but my losses were definitely mitigated. (Stands up). Take tonight off to mourn Mhaegen¡¯s child. I¡¯ll see you tomorrow. But you¡¯ll be happy? (Roz nods and smiles). That makes me happy.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. DINING ROOM

PODRICK: More wine?

The scene begins zoomed in on Podrick pouring Janos a glass of wine. He then spills, and we see Tyrion and Janos sitting at a table.

JANOS: Damn it, boy!

PODRICK: Apologies, my lord.

TYRION: Leave us, Podrick. I believe we know how to pour our own wine.

JANOS: (Podrick leaves). Is that your new squire? Could have found you a proper lad.

TYRION: Myself, I prefer the improper ones.

JANOS: Hmm, that's a good red. Dornish?

TYRION: You know your wines, my lord.

JANOS: That I do. A fine dinner, my lord.

TYRION: Call me Tyrion, please. I'm sure you're getting used to fine dinners, now that you're a lord.

JANOS: Maybe I'll hire this cook of yours.

TYRION:Wars have been started for less.

They both laugh. Janos sips his wine.

TYRION: I heard there was some trouble in Littlefinger's brothel the other night.

JANOS: Hmm. Nasty business, had to be done.

TYRION: Yes, of course. City Watch must keep the peace. Only, I hadn't realized peace depended on killing babies.

JANOS: Orders are orders.

TYRION: Quite right. Especially the queen's orders.

JANOS: I never said they were the queen's orders.

TYRION: No, but who else would want to murder King Robert's bastards? She's always been a jealous woman.

JANOS: You know your sister better than I do.

TYRION: You've heard the awful rumors about my brother and sister.

JANOS: I don't listen to filth.

TYRION: That's good of you, but you have heard them. I suppose people who do believe that filth, consider Robert's bastards to be better claimants to the throne than Cersei's children.

JANOS: Joffrey is my king, the rest doesn't interest me. (Sips his wine).

TYRION: I appreciate your loyalty. Tell me.

When your men slaughtered Ned Stark's men in the throne room, did you give the order?

JANOS: I did. And I would again. The man was a traitor. He tried to buy my loyalty.

TYRION: The fool! He had no idea you were already bought.

JANOS: Are you drunk? I'll not have my honor questioned by an Imp.

TYRION: I'm not questioning your honor, Lord Janos. I'm denying its existence.

JANOS: You think I'll stand here and take this from you, dwarf.

TYRION: Dwarf? You should have stopped at imp. And yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless you'd like to take it from my friend here.

Tyrion gestures towards Bronn, who has appeared in the room.

TYRION: I intend to serve as Hand of the King until my father returns from the war, and seeing as you betrayed the last Hand of the King, well, I just wouldn't feel safe with you lurking about.

JANOS: What are you ta- My friends at court will not allow this. The queen herself -

TYRION: The queen regent. And you're a fool to believe she's your friend.

JANOS: We shall hear what Joffrey has to say about this.

TYRION: No, we shan't.

Tyrion nods at Bronn, who gestures for some armed men to enter the room.

TYRION: There's a ship leaving for East Watch by the sea tonight. From there, I'm afraid it's rather a long walk to Castle Black. I hope you enjoy the Wall. I found it surprisingly beautiful, in a brutal, horribly uncomfortable sort of way.

BRONN: The lads will escort you. The streets aren't safe at night, my lord.

JANOS: These men are under my command. (Bronn laughs). I command you to arrest this cutthroat.

TYRION: His name is Bronn... and he is the new commander of the City Watch.

BRONN: Boys?

The gold cloaks in the room escort Janos out. Janos begins shouting as they take him.

JANOS: I have friends at court! Powerful friends! The king himself made me a lord!

Janos is escorted out of view. Bronn sits down, and Tyrion pours him a cup of wine.

TYRION: To the new Commander.

Tyrion and Bronn clink their glasses together. Then they both sip.

TYRION: If I told you to murder, an infant girl say, still at her mother's breast, would you do it without question?

BRONN: Without question? No. I'd ask how much.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: WOODS

EXT. CAMP NEXT TO A RIVER

Gendry gathers some water in a bucket. Lommy and Hot Pie sit next to the river, washing things. Arya sits away from them, doing the same.

LOMMY: If they come back, I say we yield. Gendry's the one they want. I don't want to get caught in the middle of a battle.

HOT PIE: I'm not afraid of no battles.

ARYA: If you got within a mile of a battle, you'd fill your pants.

HOT PIE: I've seen lots of battles. I saw -

ARYA: Liar.

HOT PIE: I saw a man kill another man just outside a tavern in Flea Bottom. Stabbed him right in the neck.

LOMMY: Two men fighting isn't a battle.

HOT PIE: They had armor on.

ARYA: So?

HOT PIE: So, if they got armor on, it's a battle.

LOMMY: No, it isn't.

HOT PIE: What's a dyer's apprentice know about battles anyway?

ARYA: (Gendry walks over to get more water). Gendry's an armorer's apprentice. Hot Pie, tell Gendry what makes it a battle.

HOT PIE: (Hesitates) It's when they've got armor on.

GENDRY: Now who told you that.

HOT PIE: A knight?

GENDRY: How'd you know he was a knight?

HOT PIE: Well, cause he got armor on.

GENDRY: You don't have to be a knight to have armor. Any idiot can buy armor. (Arya smiles).

HOT PIE: How'd you know?

GENDRY: ¡®Cause I sold armor.

Lommy nudges Hot Pie, and they both get up and leave. Arya stops washing and stands up, walking over to Gendry.

ARYA: What do the gold cloaks want with you?

GENDRY: (Turning around) No idea.

ARYA: You're a liar.

GENDRY: (Walking to camp fire). You shouldn't insult people that are bigger than you.

ARYA: Then I wouldn't get to insult anyone. (Follows him).

GENDRY: Well, I don¡¯t care what any of them want. No good's ever come of their questions.

ARYA: No good's ever come? Who asked questions before?

GENDRY: How can someone so small be such a huge pain in my ass?

ARYA: Who asked questions?

GENDRY: The Hand of the King. Er, hands of the King. Lord Arryn came first, a few weeks before he died. And then Lord Stark came, a few weeks before he died.

ARYA: Lord Stark.

GENDRY: See? Asking me questions is bad luck. (Walks back to river). You'll probably be dead soon.

ARYA: What did they ask about?

GENDRY: My mom.

ARYA: Who's your mom?

GENDRY: Just my mom. Worked in a tavern. Died when I was little.

ARYA: And who was your father?

GENDRY: He could be one of those gold-hatted bastards, for all I know. What about you, anyway? You thought they were after you, why? Did you kill someone, or is it just because you're a girl?

ARYA: I'm not a girl!

GENDRY: (Walks back to camp fire). Yes you are. You think I'm as stupid as the rest of them?

ARYA: Stupider. Night's Watch doesn't take girls, everyone knows that.

GENDRY: That's true. You're still a girl.

ARYA: I am not!

GENDRY: Well, pull your cock out and take a piss then.

ARYA: I don't need to take a piss¡­ Lommy and Hot Pie can¡¯t know. No one can know.

GENDRY: They won't. Not from me.

ARYA: My name's not Arry. It's Arya. Of House Stark. Yoren is taking me home to Winterfell.

GENDRY: He was your father. The Hand. The traitor.

ARYA: He was never a traitor! Joffrey is a liar.

GENDRY: So you're a highborn, then. You're a lady.

ARYA: No. I mean yes. My mother was a lady, and my sister -

GENDRY: You were a lord's daughter and you lived in a castle. Look, all that about cocks. I should never have said that. I've been pissing in front of you and everything. I should be calling you milady.

ARYA: Do not call me milady.

GENDRY: As milady commands. (Arya pushes him). Well, that was unladylike.

Arya pushes Gendry to the ground. He laughs, and she stomps off.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS

EXT. DOCKSThe scene starts with a wide shot of the busy docks. Theon stands in a rowboat as is comes up against the side of a wall. He gets out and walks up some stairs. An old man spots him.

MAN: What you carrying?

THEON: Pears and oranges. Wine from the Arbor. And the heir to Pyke of the Iron Islands. (The man makes no response). The only living son of Balon Greyjoy. (The man continues to make no response). Me.

MAN: Don't like wine. Woman's drink. (Returns to his work).

THEON: I need to get to Pyke.

The man looks up, but makes no move or response. Theon looks annoyed and pulls out some coins.

MAN: I'll find you a horse.

The man takes the coins and walks away. Theon watches as the rowboat that took him there leaves. He looks down.

YARA: I'm heading that way. I can take you there.

THEON: I bet you can.

YARA: You been at sea long? Or were there just no women where you came from?

THEON: None like you.

YARA: You don't know what I'm like.

THEON: You don't know what you're like. You need someone to teach you. Know who I am?

YARA: You think I offer free rides to every man in jewelry. Lord Greyjoy.

Yara and Theon pass the man as they are walking. He is leading a horse. Theon gives him some more coins.

THEON: Have my things sent up to the castle.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
EXT. BEACH

Yara and Theon ride on horseback on a beach. Yara is at the reins.

THEON: You should give me the reins, I'm a better rider than you. I've been on horseback for the last nine years.

YARA: Nine years. Do you still know your way around a ship? Have these hands ever touched a rope?

THEON: Don't you worry about my hands. (Theon begins fondling her). The sea's in my blood.

YARA: Your blood will be in the sea if I don't watch where I'm going.

THEON: I have a proposal for my father. One that will make him king again. And me after him. You may stay at the castle tonight, if you're lucky.

YARA: Is that an offer from my future king?

THEON: An order, from your future king. You can tell your grandchildren about this night.

YARA: I don't imagine it will be a story fit for children.

As they approach the castle, the camera pans up to view it in its entirety.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
INT. INSIDE PYKE

Balon sits in front of a fireplace. Theon enters the room.

THEON: Father.

BALON: Nine years, is it? They took a frightened boy. What have they given back?

THEON: A man. Your blood and your heir.

BALON: We shall see. Stark had you longer than I did.

THEON: Lord Stark is gone.

BALON: And how do you feel about that?

THEON: What's done is done. I've brought you a proposal from Robb Stark.

BALON: Who gave you those clothes? (Stands up). Was it Ned Stark's pleasure to make you his daughter?

THEON: If my clothes offend you, I will change them.

BALON: It will. (Begins walking forward). That bauble around your neck. Did you pay the iron price for it or the gold? (Theon looks down). I asked a question. Did you pull it from the neck of a corpse you made or did you buy it to match your fine clothes? Iron or gold?

THEON: Gold.

Balon reaches out and rips the bauble off. Theon¡¯s cloak falls to the ground.

BALON: I'll not have my son dressed as a whore. (Balon walks towards the fireplace and looks into it). My fears have come true. The Starks have made you theirs.

THEON: (Steps forward). My blood is salt and iron.

BALON: Yet, (Turns around), the Stark boy sends you to me like a trained raven, clutching his message.

THEON: The offer he makes, is one I proposed.

BALON: He heeds your counsel?

THEON: I've lived with him, hunted with him, fought at his side, he thinks of me as a brother.

BALON: No, not here, (Walks forward), not in my hearing, you will not name him brother. This son of the man who put your true brothers to the sword. Or have you forgotten your own blood?

THEON: I forget nothing. I remember my brothers. And I remember when my father was a king.

Theon holds a letter out. Balon takes it and turns around. He then unfurls it and reads it.

BALON: I see. I destroy Robb Stark's enemies for him and he will make me King of the Iron Islands once again.

THEON: I will lead the attack myself.

BALON: Oh, you will?

THEON: I'm your son. Your only living heir. Who else?

Someone enters the room. Balon looks behind Theon, and he turns to look as well.

THEON: I told you to wait outside. (The person who entered is revealed to be Yara). How did you get past the guards?

YARA: Anything with a cock is easy to fool.

BALON: (Puts his arm around her). My dear.

THEON: Yara?

YARA: So good to see you, brother. This is a homecoming I'll tell my grandchildren about.

THEON: She can't lead an attack!

BALON: And why not?

THEON: You're a woman!

YARA: You're the one in skirts.

BALON: This isn't Winterfell, boy. Your sister took over command of your eldest brother's ship after your new father killed him.

ALL THREE: (Theon joins a little late). What's dead may never die.

The only night she's spent off these islands has been spent on the sea. She's commanded men. She's killed men. She knows who she is.

Balon leans down and burns the letter in the fire. Yara smirks at Theon.

BALON: (Watching the letter burn in his hand). No man gives me a crown. I pay the iron price. I will take my crown. (Throws the letter in the fire). That is who I am. That is who we have always been.

Balon walks away. Yara follows him. Theon turns around to watch them leave.

THEON: You won't stand a chance against the Lannisters on your own.

BALON:Who said anything about the Lannisters?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: DRAGONSTONE

EXT. BEACH

Davos and Salladhor Saan walk on a beach. Matthos follows closely behind them..

DAVOS: You'll have your gold when we take the treasury at King's Landing.

SAAN: All these kings fighting for the throne, and this Stannis has the smallest army. Why would I bet on the man with the worst chance?

DAVOS: Because you're a smart gambler. Stannis has proved himself in war. Twice. His baby brother has never set foot on a battlefield. Neither has the false king, Joffrey.

SAAN: And yet, they both have larger armies.

DAVOS: Stannis has just begun the fight. His bannermen will rally to his cause. There's no man in the Seven Kingdoms more honorable than Stannis Baratheon. Or more worthy of loyalty.

SAAN: What is the world coming to when smugglers must vouch for the honor of kings.

MATTHOS: Mind your words, pirate. (They all stop walking).

DAVOS: Matthos.

SAAN: You think I'm insulted? I am a pirate. I'm an excellent pirate. I don't sail for promises.

DAVOS: Of course you do. Every time you leave harbor, you're leaving on a promise. A promise that somewhere on the seas, somebody's got some gold and you can take it from them.

SAAN: That's a promise that always comes true.

DAVOS: As is mine. You're not the young man, Salladhor. And correct me if I'm wrong: Most pirates don't grow old.

SAAN: Only the clever ones.

DAVOS: You want to spend your last few years on the sea, stealing from Pentoshi cheesemongers and Midanese silk merchants, then go. They're out there waiting for you. That's easy. What I'm offering you is hard. Come with me and plunder the greatest city in Westeros. You'll be the richest man in Lysene. And the most famous. They'll be singing songs about you as long as men have voices to sing.

SAAN: Salladhor Saan is a good name for songs.

DAVOS: It is. (Matthos rolls his eyes).

SAAN: One thing, I want the queen.

DAVOS: The queen?

SAAN: Cersei, I want her. I'll sail with your fleet, all 30 of my ships, and if we don't drown at the bottom of Blackwater Bay, I will fuck this blonde queen and I will fuck her well.

MATTHOS: This war isn't about you. We're not attacking King's Landing so that you can rape the queen.

SAAN: I'm not going to rape her, I'm going to fuck her.

MATTHOS: As if she would just let you!

SAAN: You don't know how persuasive I am. I never tried to fuck you.

MATTHOS: Stannis is the rightful king, and the Lord of Light. The one true god.

SAAN: I've been all over the world, my boy, and everywhere I go, people tell me about the true god. They all think they found the right one. The one true god is what's between a woman's legs, and better yet a queen's legs.

Matthos walks away angrily. Saan turns back to Davos.

SAAN: I never thought you'd have a true believer for a son.

DAVOS: He's young yet. I promise you the gold. I promise you the glory. I cannot promise you the queen.

MATTHOS: You believe your king can win?

DAVOS: He is the one true king.

SAAN: You Westerosee are funny people. A man chops off your fingers and you fall in love with him. (They laugh). I'll sail with you, Davos Seaworth. You are the most honest smuggler I ever met. Make me rich.

DAVOS: Get me to the gates of King's Landing and I will.

They shake hands. Davos pats Saan on the back as he walks away. Saan and Matthos eye each other as Saan walks past. Matthos walks back over to his father.

MATTHOS: When will the King have a sail?

DAVOS: As soon as his God wills it.

MATTHOS: He's my God too, and yours. But you were too blind to see. (As they walk). Let me teach you how to read.

DAVOS: Oh you and your mother.

MATTHOS: It won't take long. You already know the letters. The holy books are much more persuasive than I can be.

DAVOS: I wish I had a God, truly! I'm not mocking you, but I've seen men pray to every God there is. Pray for wind, pray for rain, pray for home. None of it works!

MATTHOS: But you always came home.

DAVOS: I wasn't praying.

MATTHOS: (They reach their horses). But I was. Every night that you were at sea, I lit a candle and I prayed, for you.

DAVOS: You want me to have a god, fine. King Stannis is my god. He raised me up and blessed me with his trust. He gave you a future I could never have imagined. You know how to read, you'll be a knight someday. You think your fire god commanded all that? It was Stannis. Only Stannis.

MATTHOS: (As Davos is mounting his horse). Stannis is my king, but he's only a man.

DAVOS: Don't tell him that.

Davos rides away and Matthos watches. In the background, Saan¡¯s boat is in the water.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING¡¯S LANDING

INT. TYRION¡¯S ROOM

Tyrion sits at a table with a cup of wine. Cersei paces in front of him.

CERSEI: Lord Janos Slynt was Commander of the City Watch. You had no right to exile him.

TYRION: I have every right. I am the King's Hand.

CERSEI: You're serving as the King's Hand until father gets here. I am Queen Regent.

TYRION: Listen to me, Queen Regent, you're losing the people. Do you hear me?

CERSEI: Ha, the people. You think I care?

TYRION: You might find it difficult to rule over millions who want you dead. Half the city will starve when winter comes. The other half will plot to overthrow you. And your gold-plated thugs just gave them the rallying cry, ¡°The Queen slaughters babies.¡± (Cersei says nothing). You don't even have the decency to deny it.

Cersei looks down and walks toward the window. Tyrion looks down, and then up at her.

TYRION: It wasn't you who gave the order, was it? Joffrey didn't even tell you. Or did he tell you? I imagine that would be even worse.

CERSEI: He did what needed to be done. (Now loudly). You want to be the Hand of the King? You want to rule? This is what ruling is! Lying on a bed of weeds, ripping them out by the root one by one before they strangle you in your sleep.

TYRION: I'm no king, but I think there's more to ruling that that.

CERSEI: I don't care what you think! You've never taken it seriously. You haven't, Jaime hasn't. (Sits down). It's all fallen on me.

TYRION: (Tries not to laugh). As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon.

CERSEI: You're funny. (Laughs). You've always been funny. But none of your jokes will ever match the first one, will they? You remember... back when you ripped my mother open on your way out of her and she bled to death.

TYRION: She was my mother too.

CERSEI: Now they're gone, for the sake of you. There's no bigger joke in the world than that. (Storms out).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: DRAGONSTONE

INT. DRAGONSTONE KEEP

Davos moves some ships around on a model map of Westeros as Matthos looks on. Stannis enters with Melisandre.

DAVOS: Your Grace.

MATTHOS: Your Grace.

STANNIS: How did it fare with your pirate?

DAVOS: Salladhor Saan will join our fleet. 30 ships. His men know how to fight.

STANNIS: In my experience, pirates prefer fighting unarmed men.

DAVOS: Does seem the wiser choice.

STANNIS: It won't be a choice this time. Do you trust him?

DAVOS: Salladhor Saan is an old friend, I've known him 30 years. I've never trusted him.
But once he gets the smell of gold, he never stops.

STANNIS: Well if he does his job, he'll have his share. Leave us.

DAVOS: At once, Your Grace.

Davos walks away, followed by Matthos. As Matthos passes her, Melisandre stops him.

MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light shines through you, young warrior.

She then whispers something in his ear. When she is done, Matthos and Davos leave the room.

DAVOS: Come.

STANNIS: What did you say to him?

MELISANDRE: I told him death by fire is the purest death.

STANNIS: Why?

MELISANDRE: Because it is true. You're troubled my king.

STANNIS: Yeah.

MELISANDRE: These armies are but toys for the Lord of Light.

STANNIS: Tell your lord to burn them then.

MELISANDRE: I tell him nothing! I pray for his commands and I obey.

STANNIS: My little brother has a hundred thousand men according to the scouts. Men whose allegiance rightly belongs to me.

MELISANDRE: You must have faith.

STANNIS: Faith? In a real war, the side with the greater number wins nine times out of ten.

MELISANDRE: Then we must be the ten.

STANNIS: I cannot defeat my brother in the field, and I can't take King's Landing without the men he stole.

MELISANDRE: I have seen the path to victory in the flames. At first, you must give yourself to the Lord of Light.

STANNIS: I've said the words, damn you! I burnt the idols.

MELISANDRE: You must give... all of yourself.

Melisandre disrobes next to Stannis. He looks over and then looks away.

STANNIS: I have a wife. I took a vow.

MELISANDRE: She's sick. Weak. Shut away in the tower. And she disgusts you. And she's given you nothing. No sons. Only stillborns. Only death. (Whispers in his ear). I will give you a son, my King.

STANNIS: (Gasps). A son?

They begin kissing. Melisandre takes off what remained of her clothes. Stannis lays her on the table and they begin having sex, knocking many of the wooden models off of the table.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL

EXT. CRASTER¡¯S KEEP

Jon is sitting by a fire. He hears a noise and looks behind himself, seeing Craster walking away from the camp with a baby. Jon gets up to follow Craster and investigate, and walks into the woods. He begins hearing strange noises, and hides when he sees Craster walking back, without the baby. When Craster is out of sight, he runs in the direction Craster came from. He sees a figure lean down and pick up the baby. He is then startled by Craster, who puts his hand on Jon¡¯s shoulder, and then knocks Jon out.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Bran: Every night it's the same: I'm walking, running, but I'm not me. I'm running through the Godswood, sniffing the dirt, tasting blood in my mouth when I've made a fresh kill, howling. Old Nan used to tell me stories about magical people who could live inside stags, birds, wolves.
Maester Luwin: That's exactly what they were, Bran: stories.
Bran: So she was lying? They don't exist?
Maester Luwin: Well, they may have done, but they're gone from the world along with much else. These are dreams, Bran, nothing more.
Bran: No. My dreams are different. Mine are true. I dreamt of my father dying and Rickon had the same dream.
Maester Luwin: What about all the dreams you had that didn't come true? [removes a link from his chain] This link is made of Valyrian steel. Only one Maester in a hundred wears it on his chain. It signifies that I have studied the higher mysteries, and all who study these mysteries try their hand at spells. I was not different. I was young and what boy doesn't secretly wish for special powers to lift him out of his dull life into a special one, but in the end, for all of my efforts, I got no more out of it than a thousand boys before me. Come on. [tucks Bran back to bed] Maybe magic once was a mighty force in the world, but not anymore; the dragons are gone, the giants are dead, and the children of the forest forgotten.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Loras Tyrell: Has your son marched against Tywin Lannister yet?
Catelyn Stark: I do not sit on my son's war councils, and if I did, I would not share his strategies with you.
Loras Tyrell: If Robb Stark wants a pact with us, he should come himself, not hide behind his mother's skirts!
Catelyn Stark: My son is fighting a war, not playing at one! (The Baratheon/Tyrell soldiers fall silent, stunned at this insult, but Renly merely laughs)
Renly Baratheon: (comes down from his dais and approaches Catelyn) Don't worry, my Lady- our war is only beginning.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Balon Greyjoy: What are our words? [Theon hesitates] Our words?
Theon Greyjoy: "We Do Not Sow"
Balon Greyjoy: "We Do Not Sow". We are Ironborn. We're not subjects, we're not slaves. We do not plow the fields or toil in the mines. We take what is ours. Your time with the wolves has made you weak.
Theon Greyjoy: You act as if I volunteered to go. You gave me away if you remember. The day you bend the knee to Robert Baratheon. After he crushed you. Did you take what was yours then?[Balon slaps Theon] You gave me away! Your boy! Your last boy! You gave me away like I was some dog you didn't want anymore. And now you curse me because I've come home.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Cersei Lannister: You monster! Myrcella is my only daughter. Do you really think I will let you sell her like a common whore!?
Tyrion Lannister: Myrcella is a princess! Some would say she was born for this!
Cersei Lannister: I will not let you ship her off to Dorne as I was shipped off to Robert Baratheon!
Tyrion Lannister: Dorne is the safest place for her.
Cersei Lannister: Are you mad? The Martells loathe us!
Tyrion Lannister: That's why we need to seduce them. We're going to need their support in the war your son started!
Cersei Lannister: She'll be a hostage.
Tyrion Lannister: A guest.
Cersei Lannister: You won't get away with this. You think the piece of paper father gave you keeps you safe? Ned Stark had a piece of paper too.
[Tyrion briefly half-smiles but then looks at his sister with a serious face.]
Tyrion Lannister: It's done, Cersei.
Cersei Lannister: No.
Tyrion Lannister: You cannot stop it!
Cersei Lannister: [Breaks glass] No!
Tyrion Lannister: Just how safe do you think Myrcella is if the city falls? Do you want to see her raped and butchered like the Targaryen children?! Make no mistake, they will mount her pretty little head on a spike right beside yours.
Cersei Lannister: Get out! [Pushes Tyrion back onto the stairs] Get out!
[Tyrion leaves, Cersei just sits on a chair and hangs her in sorrow.]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Varys: (after Tyrion has poured them wine) You'll be pleased to know that our mutual friend is doing quite well in Lady Sansa's service. (drinks)
Tyrion: (distractedly) Good- one of my better ideas. (drinks)
Varys: And, it seems the Grand Maester has found his way into a black cell? (Tyrion shrugs, Varys smiles) Well played, my Lord Hand. But-should I be worried? Janos Slynt, Pycelle...the Small Council grows smaller every day.
Tyrion Lannister: The Council has a reputation for serving past Hands poorly. I don't mean to follow Ned Stark to the grave.
Varys: Power is a curious thing, my lord. Are you fond of riddles?
Tyrion Lannister: Why, am I about to hear one?
Varys: Three great men sit in a room; a king, a priest and a rich man. Between them stands a common sellsword. Each great man bids the sellsword kill the other two. Who lives, who dies?
Tyrion Lannister: ...Depends on the sellsword.
Varys: Does it? He has neither crown, nor gold, nor the favour of the gods.
Tyrion Lannister: He has a sword, the power of life and death.
Varys: But if it's swordsmen who rule... why do we pretend kings hold all the power? When Ned Stark lost his head, who was truly responsible? Joffrey? The executioner? Or something else?
Tyrion Lannister: (frowns) I've decided I don't like riddles.
Varys: Power resides where men believe it resides. It's a trick, a shadow on the wall, and... a very small man can cast a very large shadow. (they both smile and drink)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Robb Stark and Roose Bolton survey the battlefield after their victory at Oxcross]
Roose Bolton: (pleased) Five Lannisters dead, for every one of ours. (they pass men looting the corpses) We've nowhere to keep these prisoners- we have barely enough food to feed our own-
Robb Stark: We're not executing prisoners, Lord Bolton.
Roose Bolton: Of course, Your Grace. (pause) The officers will be useful- some of them may be privy to Tywin Lannister's plans.
Robb Stark: I doubt it.
Roose Bolton: Well, we'll learn soon enough. In my family, we say: "A naked man has few secrets, a flayed man none."
Robb Stark: (sharply) My father outlawed flaying in the North.
Roose Bolton: (impatient) We're not in the North-
Robb Stark: (stops) We're not torturing them! (Roose stops and stares at him)
Roose Bolton: The high road's very pretty, but you'll have a hard time marching your army down it.
Robb Stark: The Lannisters hold prisoners of their own. (pause) I won't give them an excuse to abuse my sisters.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Robb Stark: What's your name?
Talisa Maegyr: Talisa.
Robb Stark: Your last name?
Talisa Maegyr: (smirks) You want to know what side my family fights on?
Robb Stark: You know my family name; you have me at a disadvantage-
Talisa Maegyr: (angrily) That boy lost his foot on your orders.
Robb Stark: They killed my father-
Talisa Maegyr: That boy did?
Robb Stark: The family he fights for.
Talisa Maegyr: Do you think he's friends with King Joffrey? (pause) He's a fisherman's son that grew up near Lannisport; he probably never even held a spear before they shoved one in his hands a few months ago!
Robb Stark: (defensively) I have no hatred for the lad! (Talisa packs up her medical kit and stands up)
Talisa Maegyr: (sarcastically) That should help his foot grow back. (she walks away, Robb pauses, then follows her)
Robb Stark: You'd have us surrender- end all this bloodshed. I understand. The country would be at peace. (sarcastically) And life would be just under the righteous hand of good King Joffrey.
Talisa Maegyr: (washing her hands) You going to kill Joffrey?
Robb Stark: If the Gods give me strength.
Talisa Maegyr: And then what?
Robb Stark: I don't know. We'll go back to Winterfell. (Talisa stares at him) I have no desire to sit the Iron Throne.
Talisa Maegyr: So who will?
Robb Stark: I don't know.
Talisa Maegyr: You're fighting to overthrow a King, and yet you have no plan for what comes after?
Robb Stark: First we have to win the war. (Talisa gets onto a cart as it rolls away) You gonna tell me where you're from?
Talisa Maegyr: Volantis.
Robb Stark: Volantis? You're far from home. (pause) The boy was lucky you were here.
Talisa Maegyr: He was unlucky that you were.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Tyrion storms in on Joffrey publicly tormenting Sansa, entering as Joffrey tries to have her stripped naked]
Tyrion Lannister: [furious] What is the meaning of this?! What kind of knight beats a helpless girl?!
Meryn Trant: The kind who serves his king, Imp!
Bronn: Careful now, we don't want to get blood all over your pretty white cloak!
Tyrion Lannister: Someone get the girl something to cover herself with. [Sandor Clegane gives Sansa his cloak] She's to be your Queen. Have you no regard for her honour?!
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm punishing her!
Tyrion Lannister: For what crimes?! She did not fight her brother's battle, you halfwit!
Joffrey Baratheon: You can't talk to me like that! The king can do as he likes! (storms back to his throne and sits down, petulantly)
Tyrion Lannister: The Mad King did as he liked. Has your uncle Jaime ever told you what happened to him?
Meryn Trant: No one threatens His Grace in the presence of the Kingsguard! (reaches for his sword)
Tyrion Lannister: I'm not threatening the king, ser. I'm educating my nephew. Bronn, the next time Ser Meryn speaks, kill him. (Trant looks hastily at Bronn, who grins at him) That was a threat. See the difference?! (he goes over to Sansa and offers her his hand; after hesitating, Sansa takes it cautiously and gets up, allowing Tyrion to lead her out of the Throne Room. Joffrey stands up angrily, but does nothing) I apologize for my nephew's behavior. Tell me the truth: do you want an end to this engagement?
Sansa Stark: (in a flat tone) I am loyal to King Joffrey, my one true love. (lets go of Tyrion's hand and walks on, her head held high)
Tyrion Lannister:(stares after her admiringly)...Lady Stark. You may survive us yet.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Stannis Baratheon: Lady Stark- I had not thought to find you in the Stormlands.
Catelyn Stark: I had not thought to be here, Lord Stannis.
Renly Baratheon: Can that truly be you?
Stannis Baratheon: Who else might it be?
Renly Baratheon: When I saw your standard, I couldn't be sure. Whose banner is that?
Stannis Baratheon: My own.
Renly Baratheon: I suppose if we use the same one, the battle will be terribly confusing. Why is your stag on fire?
Melisandre: The king has taken for his sigil the fiery heart of the Lord of Light.
Renly Baratheon: [grins] Ah, you must be this fire priestess we hear so much about. Ah brother, now I understand why you found religion in your old age!
Stannis Baratheon: Watch yourself, Renly!
Renly Baratheon: No, no, I'm relieved. I never really believed you were a fanatic; charmless, rigid, a bore, yes, but not a godly man.
Melisandre: You should kneel before your brother. He is the Lord's Chosen, born amidst salt and smoke.
Renly Baratheon: 'Born amidst salt and smoke'? Is he a ham?
Stannis Baratheon: That's twice I've warned you.
Catelyn Stark: Listen to yourselves! If you were sons of mine, I would knock your heads together and lock you in a bedchamber together until you remember you're brothers.
Stannis Baratheon: It is strange to find you beside my brother, Lady Stark. Your husband was a supporter of my claim; Lord Eddard's integrity cost him his head. And you sit beside this pretender and chastise me?!
Catelyn Stark: We share a common enemy --
Stannis Baratheon: The Iron Throne is mine by right. All those who deny that are my foes.
Renly Baratheon: The whole realm denies it, from Dorne to the Wall. Old men deny it with their death rattles and unborn children deny it in their mothers' wombs. No one wants you for their king. You never wanted any friends, brother, but a man without friends is a man without power.
Stannis Baratheon: For the sake of the mother who bore us, I will give you this one night to reconsider. Strike your banners, come to me before dawn and I will grant you your old seat on the Council. I'll even name you my heir, until a son is born to me. Otherwise I shall destroy you.
Renly Baratheon: [motions to his vast army] Look across those fields, brother. Can you see all those banners?
Stannis Baratheon: You think a few bolts of cloth will make you king?!
Renly Baratheon: No. The men holding those bolts of cloth will make me king!
Stannis Baratheon: We shall see, Renly. Come the dawn, we shall see! [Stannis and his retinue turn to leave]
Melisandre: Look to your sins, Lord Renly. The night is dark and full of terrors.
Renly Baratheon: [to his retinue] Would you believe? I loved him once.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Renly Baratheon:(sees Littlefinger in his war-camp and laughs mockingly) Well- if it isn't my favorite whoremonger! I pray I haven't kept you waiting long. (walks past Baelish with Brienne of Tarth and his bodyguards, into his tent)
Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish:...Your Grace. (follows Renly in)
Renly Baratheon: (sits down) Now, you do the Lannisters bidding- is that it? Tell me, was my brother's body even cold before you secured your newest patron?
Petyr Baelish:...I'm a practical man.
Renly Baratheon: (glares at him)...Just not a loyal one.
Petyr Baelish: And who would you have me be loyal to- your brother's corpse?
Renly Baratheon: (smiles coldly, stands up and walks towards Littlfinger) I don't like you, Lord Baelish. I don't like your face, I don't like the words that come oozing out of your mouth- I don't want you in my tent one minute more than necessary. So, tell me- why are you here? (Littlefinger glances at Brienne, who glares back at him) You can trust Brienne- her loyalty comes without charge. (walks back to his desk, pulls an apple from a fruit-bowl)
Petyr Baelish:...You still have many friends at court, Your Grace...Many who believe Ned Stark erred by not supporting your claim.
Renly Baratheon: (frowns, then turns back to Littlefinger with a smug smile)...Now I understand. You know I have the numbers; you know I'm marching on King's Landing. When I take the Throne, you hope to retain your position...and your head.
Petyr Baelish: (smiles) I would give priority to my head. I understand that you don't like me- and while that saddens me greatly, I did not come here today seeking your affection. (pause) When you march on King's Landing, you may find yourself facing a protracted siege- or, open gates. (Renly stares at him)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Petyr Baelish: Your Grace!
Margaery Tyrell: (walks past him without looking at him) Lord Baelish. (Littlefinger falls into step beside her)
Petyr Baelish: All these tents look the same to me. Would you be so kind-
Margaery Tyrell: (smiles) It would be my pleasure. It took me weeks to learn my way around the camp- twice, I walked in on officers in stages of undress. And, the moment I learn which tent is mine, we're on the move again.
Petyr Baelish: (glances at her) "Your" tent? Not "our" tent? The King snores, perhaps, or... simply prefers solitude? Pressures of command, no doubt- four Kings, vying for the Throne.
Margaery Tyrell: I am not tutored in warfare, but... basic arithmetic favors the side with the greater numbers.
Petyr Baelish: If war were arithmetic, the mathematicians would rule the world. (Margaery smiles) I did notice your brother entering His Grace's tent, just now.
Margaery Tyrell: (shrugs) The place of the Kingsguard is by the King's side.
Petyr Baelish: And... on the night of your wedding? Who was by the King's side then?
Margaery Tyrell: (smiles, still not looking at him) You seem quite interested in our marriage.
Petyr Baelish: Your marriage is quite interesting. Not only to me, but... to the Realm. The marriage of a wealthy girl always breeds interest... if nothing else. (Margaery finally meets his eyes)
Margaery Tyrell:...You've never married, have you? (Littlfinger is caught off-guard for a moment)
Petyr Baelish: I've been...unlucky in my affections, sadly.
Margaery Tyrell: (smiles) That is sad- though, perhaps it's for the best. The whole notion of marriage seems to confuse you. So, allow me to explain: my husband is my King, and my King is my husband. (pause) Here is your tent, Lord Baelish. Good night. (she walks on, Baelish bows to her)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Daenerys Targaryen: Where I come from, guests are treated with respect, not insulted at the gates.
Trader of Spices: Then perhaps you should return to where you come from. We wish you well. [walks away]
Daenerys Targaryen: What are you doing? You promised to receive me!
Trader of Spices: We have received you. Here we are, and here you are.
Daenerys Targaryen: If you do not let us in, all of us will die.
Trader of Spices: Which we shall deeply regret, but Qarth did not become the greatest city that ever was or will be by letting Dothraki savages through its gates.
Ser Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi, please be careful.
Daenerys Targaryen: [enraged] Thirteen, when my dragons are grown, we will take back what was stolen from me and destroy those who have wronged me! We will lay waste to armies and burn cities to the ground! Turn us away, and we will burn you first.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Tywin Lannister has just arrived at Harrenhal]
Tywin Lannister: What's this?
Gregor Clegane: We weren't expecting you till tomorrow, Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: [chuckles] Evidently not. Why are these prisoners not in their cells?
Gregor Clegane: Cells are overflowing, my Lord.
Polliver: This lot won't be here long. Don't need no permanent place. After we interrogate 'em we usually just -- [gestures towards the heads on spikes]
Tywin Lannister: Are we so well-manned that we can afford to discard able young bodies and skilled laborers? [Polliver doesn't answer and Tywin turns to Gendry] You, do you have a trade?
Gendry: Smith, my Lord.
Polliver: [sees Arya staring] What are you looking at? Kneel! Kneel or I'll carve your lungs out, boy.
Tywin Lannister: You'll do no such thing. This one's a girl...you idiot! Dressed as a boy. Why?
Arya: Safer to travel, my Lord.
Tywin Lannister: Smart. More than I can say for this lot. Get these prisoners to work. Bring the girl. I need a new cupbearer.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Lancel Lannister: I am a Knight!
Tyrion Lannister: An anointed Knight, yes. Tell me, did Cersei have you knighted before or after she took you into her bed? [Lancel is dumbstruck] What? Nothing to say? No more warnings for me, Ser?
Lancel Lannister: You will withdraw these filthy accusations-
Tyrion Lannister: Have you ever given any thought to what King Joffrey will have to say when he finds out you have been bedding his mother?
Lancel Lannister: [goes pale] It's not my fault!
Tyrion Lannister: Did she take you against your will? Can you not defend yourself, Knight?
Lancel Lannister: Your own father, Lord Tywin, when I was named the King's squire, he told me to obey her in everything!
Tyrion Lannister: Did he tell you to fuck her, too?
Lancel Lannister: I only meant, I did as I was bid. I --
Tyrion Lannister: Hated every moment of it, is that what you'll have me believe? A high place in court, a knighthood, my sister's legs spreading open for you at night! Oh yes, it must have been terrible! Wait here, His Grace will want to hear this. [Tyrion heads to the door]
Lancel Lannister: [terrified] Mercy! Mercy, my Lord! I beg you!
Tyrion Lannister: Save it for Joffrey; he loves a good grovel!!
Lancel Lannister: My Lord, it was your sister's bidding, the Queen! I'll leave the city at once, I swear.
Tyrion Lannister: No, I think not.
Lancel Lannister: My Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: You heard me. My father told you to obey my sister. Obey her. Stay close to her side. Keep her trust. Pleasure her whenever she requires. No one ever need know as long as you keep faith with me. I want to know what Cersei is doing, where she goes, who she sees, what they talk of, everything and you will tell me.
Lancel Lannister: Yes, my lord, I will. I swear it as you command.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh rise, rise. Let us drink to our understanding. Oh, you don't have a cup. Oh, well. Smile, cousin. My sister is a beautiful woman. And it's all for the good of the realm. Go back and tell her that I beg her forgiveness, that I want no more conflict between us and that henceforth I shall do nothing without her consent.
Lancel Lannister: But, her demands...
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I'll give her Pycelle.
Lancel Lannister: [surprised] You will?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, I'll release him in the morning. Cersei can keep him as a pet if she wants, but I will not have him on the council. I could swear that I had not harmed a single hair on his head, but that would not, strictly speaking, be true.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Davos Seaworth: (arrives at the forecastle of Stannis' flagship) Your Grace?
Stannis Baratheon: (looks at the pouch around Davos' neck) Do your knucklebones bring you luck, Ser Davos?
Davos Seaworth: (wryly) Well, life's been good since you hacked 'em off, Your Grace. And, it's four less fingernails to clean.
Stannis Baratheon: "Fewer".
Davos Seaworth: Pardon?
Stannis Baratheon: For fewer fingernails to clean. (pause) I never understood why you had to wear them.
Davos Seaworth: Reminds me where I come from, and where I am now. It reminds me of your justice. (humorously) It was an honest punishment, and you were good with the cleaver!
Stannis Baratheon: You were a hero, and a smuggler. (pause, smiles slightly) A good act does not wash out the bad... nor a bad the good.
Davos Seaworth: A lesson I tried to teach my son.
Stannis Baratheon: Does he listen?
Davos Seaworth: To me? Gods, no. But if your Red Woman told him to leap from the crow's nest-
Stannis Baratheon: (impatiently) She has a name. (pause) I trust you've not forgotten your smuggler's tricks?
Davos Seaworth: (looks at him sharply) I've lived within the law for seventeen y-
Stannis Baratheon: I want you to be a smuggler this time.
Davos Seaworth: Any shore, any night. What am I bringin' ashore?
Stannis Baratheon: The "Red Woman". (Davos looks startled) No one must know what you do- and we'll not speak of this again.
Davos Seaworth: I- I am true to Your Grace, and always will be. But, surely there are other ways- cleaner ways-
Stannis Baratheon: Cleaner ways don't win wars. (pause, Davos nods reluctantly and walks away)
Margaery Tyrell: We need to go home. (Loras doesn't answer, staring at Renly Baratheon I's body with an expression of grief) Loras!
Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish: (enters) My Lord, my Lady-
Loras Tyrell: Get out.
Petyr Baelish: Stannis will be here in an hour- when he arrives, Renly's bannermen will flock to him. (Margaery looks from him to Loras) Your former companions will fight for the privilege of selling you to their new King- (Loras stands up suddenly and comes at Baelish with his sword drawn)
Loras Tyrell: (enraged) And you want that privilege for yourself?! (holds the sword an inch from Littlefinger's face, but Baelish doesn't blink an eye)
Petyr Baelish: You will note that I am standing here, talking to you, not Stannis.
Margaery Tyrell: (shoves Loras back, forces his sword-arm down) There's no time for this!
Loras Tyrell: (angrily) Ride back to Highgarden, sister. (shoves past them) I'm not running from Stannis!
Margaery Tyrell: Brienne of Tarth murdered Renly-
Loras Tyrell: I don't believe that- you don't believe that. (Margaery stares at him, Loras looks down at Renly's body again) Who gained the most from our King's death?!
Petyr Baelish: Stannis-
Loras Tyrell: I will put a SWORD through his righteous face! (storms around the room)
Margaery Tyrell: (urgently) We can't stay here! (Loras, not listening to her, kneels next to Renly's right side)
Loras Tyrell:...He would have been a true King. A good King.
Petyr Baelish: ...Tell me, Ser Loras. What do you desire, most in this world?
Loras Tyrell: (quietly)...Revenge.
Petyr Baelish: I have always found that to be the purest of motivations- but, you won't have a chance to put your sword through Stannis... not today. You'll be cut to pieces before he even sets foot on solid ground- if it is justice that you want, be smart about it.
Margaery Tyrell: (nods in agreement, still staring urgently at her brother) You can't avenge him from the grave. Bring the horses. (she goes over to Loras and strokes his hair) Please... (Loras gets up slowly, picks up his weapons and leaves the tent; Baelish watches Margaery as she stares calmly at Renly's corpse, then slowly approaches her) He was very handsome.
Petyr Baelish: He was, Your Grace.
Margaery Tyrell: "Your Grace". (pause) Calling yourself King doesn't make you one. If Renly wasn't a King, I wasn't a Queen.
Petyr Baelish:...Do you want to be a Queen?
Margaery Tyrell: No. (pause) I want to be the Queen. (stares at Baelish, who smiles at her)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Stannis Baratheon: What is it?
Davos Seaworth: I'm sorry about your brother, Your Grace. I wanted to let you know people grieve for him.
Stannis Baratheon: Fools love a fool. I grieve for him as well, for the boy he was, not the man he grew to be.
Davos Seaworth: I need to speak to you about what I saw in that cave...
Stannis Baratheon: I made it clear to you there'd be no need to speak of this matter! I've never known you to need to hear a thing twice.
Davos Seaworth: And I've never known you hide from the truth.
Stannis Baratheon: You come to lecture me on truth?!
Davos Seaworth: I've come to tell you what I saw-!
Stannis Baratheon: All my brother's bannermen have come to my side, except the Tyrells, who fled like cowards. They won't be able to resist us now. Soon, I'll be sitting on the Iron Throne.
Davos Seaworth: Nothing is worth what this will cost you, not even the Iron-!
Stannis Baratheon: I'll hear no more about it. [pause]
Davos Seaworth: When do we sail for King's Landing?
Stannis Baratheon: As soon as I've consolidated my troops. We'll make short work of the Lannisters' fleet; once Blackwater Bay is cleared, we'll deliver our troops to their doorstep and take the city.
Davos Seaworth: And will you bring Lady Melisandre with you?
Stannis Baratheon: That's not your concern.
Davos Seaworth: If you take King's Landing with her by your side, the victory will be hers.
Stannis Baratheon: I never thought I'd have reason to doubt your loyalty. Was I wrong?
Davos Seaworth: Loyal service means telling hard truths.
Stannis Baratheon: [snorts] Oh, truth again. Alright, what's the truth? The hard truth.
Davos Seaworth: She's a foreigner, preaching a foreign religion. Some believe she whispers orders in your ear and you obey.
Stannis Baratheon: What do you believe?
Davos Seaworth: You won those bannermen from Renly. Don't lose them to her. [pause]
Stannis Baratheon: We'll set out for King's Landing without Lady Melisandre [Davos nods]. And you'll lead the fleet into Blackwater Bay.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, I'm honoured but my time on the sea was spent evading ships, not attacking them. The other lords won't be happy.
Stannis Baratheon: Most of those lords should consider themselves lucky I don't hang them for treason. Hard truths cut both ways, Ser Davos.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Qhorin Halfhand: There.
Jeor Mormont: Where?
Qhorin Halfhand: There- on that mountain.
Samwell Tarly: I don't see very well.
Jon Snow: It's a fire.
Qhorin Halfhand: (glances at him and nods) There's a fire- and the people sitting 'round it have better eyes than yours or mine. When they see us coming, that fire becomes a signal- gives Mance Rayder plenty of time to throw a party in our honor.
Jeor Mormont: How many Wildlings have joined him?
Qhorin Halfhand: From what we can tell- all of them. Mance has gathered them all like deer against the wolves. They're almost ready to make their move.
Jon Snow: Where?
Qhorin Halfhand: Somewhere safe- somewhere south. We can't just march into their midst- and we can't wait for them either, we've nothing but a pile of stones to protect us.
Jeor Mormont: You saying we should fall back to the Wall?
Qhorin Halfhand: Mance was one of us, once- now, he's one of them. He's gonna teach them our way of doing things. They'll hit us in force- and they won't run away when we hit back. They're going to be more organized than before- more disciplined. More like us. (turns to Mormont) So we need to be more like them- do things their way. Sneak in, kill Mance, and scatter them to the winds before they can march on the Wall. And, to do that-
Jeor Mormont: We need to get rid of those lookouts.
Qhorin Halfhand: It's not a job for four hundred men. I need to move fast- and silent. Harker, Stosmeck, Barber! (three veteran Watchmen come forward)
Jon Snow: Lord Commander, I'd like to join Lord Qhorin.
Qhorin Halfhand: (glances at him) I've been called lots of things- but that might be my first "Lord Qhorin" (the veterans laugh)
Jeor Mormont: You're a Steward, Snow, not a Ranger.
Jon Snow: I've fought and killed a Wight- how many Rangers can say that?
Qhorin Halfhand: (looks at Jon with interest) He's the one?
Jeor Mormont: (looks at Jon and nods) Aye- killed a Wight. You also let an old man beat you bloody and take your sword. (the veterans laugh again)
Qhorin Halfhand: Craster? Well, in the boy's defense, that's a tough old goat.
Samwell Tarly: (steps forward) I could take up Jon's duties while he's gone, M'Lord. It'd be no trouble. (Mormont glances to Qhorin, who shrugs and nods)
Jeor Mormont: (glances at Jon)...I hope you make a better Ranger than you do a Steward. Go on.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reginald Lannister: The Starks have over-extended their lines. Now that summer's over, they'll have a hard time keeping their men and horses fed.
Tywin Lannister: (impatiently) The Starks understand winter better than we ever will- the cold won't beat them.
Armory Lorch: Our spies report growing discontent among the Northern lords; they want to return home, and gather the harvest before the crops turn. (Arya brings food to the table)
Tywin Lannister: And I'm sure that if those same spies snuck into our own encampments, they would report growing discontent amongst the Southern lords. This is war- no one's content! We've underestimated the Stark boy for too long. He has a good head for warfare, his men worship him- and as long as he keeps winning battles, they'll keep believing he is King in the North! (stares angrily at his generals) You've been waiting for him to fail; he is not going to fail. Not without our help. (Arya listens from across the room) So how do we stop him?
Reginald Lannister: We've worked through the night, my Lord. Perhaps we'd profit from some sleep.
Tywin Lannister: (coldly, contemptuously) Yes, I think you would, Reginald. And, because you're my cousin, I might even let you wake from that sleep! (the other lords look away nervously) Go! I'm sure your wife must miss you.
Reginald Lannister: (confused) My wife's in Lannisport.
Tywin Lannister: Well, then you'd better start riding. (pause) Go, before I change my mind and send her your head! (Reginald gets up) If your name wasn't Lannister, you'd be scrubbing out pots in the cook's tent. Go! (Reginald leaves; Arya brings a flagon to the table) Not wine, water- we'll be here for some time. (Arya nods and starts to walk away, Tywin watches her) Girl... where are you from?
Arya Stark: (turns around) Maidenpool, My Lord.
Tywin Lannister: And who are the Lords of Maidenpool? Remind me.
Arya Stark: House Mooton, my Lord.
Tywin Lannister: And what is their sigil? (pause, Arya glances away, unable to remember) A red salmon. I think a Maidenpool girl would remember that. (Arya looks down) You're a Northerner, aren't you? (Arya nods) Good. One more time, where are you from?
Arya Stark: (confidently) Barrowton, my Lord. House Dustin. Two crossed longaxes beneath a black crown.
Tywin Lannister: (nods) And what do they say of Robb Stark in the North?
Arya Stark: (pause, smiles) They call him 'The Young Wolf'.
Tywin Lannister: And...?
Arya Stark: They say he rides into battle on the back of a giant direwolf. They say he can turn into a wolf himself when he wants. (pause) They say he can't be killed.
Tywin Lannister: (smiles) And do you believe them?
Arya Stark: [Frowning] No, my lord. (pause) Anyone can be killed. (she and Tywin both stare at one another)
Tywin Lannister: Fetch that water.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Brienne of Tarth: Once you're safely back amongst your own people, will you give me leave to go, My Lady?
Catelyn Stark: You mean to kill Stannis.
Brienne of Tarth: I swore a vow.
Catelyn Stark: But Stannis has a great army around him. His own guards are sworn to keep him safe.
Brienne of Tarth: I'm as good as any of them. I should never have fled.
Catelyn Stark: Renly's death was no fault of yours. You served him bravely.
Brienne of Tarth: I only held him that once as he was dying.
Catelyn Stark: He's gone, Brienne. You serve nothing and no one by following him into the earth. Renly's enemies are Robb's enemies as well.
Brienne of Tarth: I do not know your son, My Lady, but I could serve you if you would have me. You have courage. Not battle courage perhaps, but, I don't know, a woman's kind of courage. And I think that when the time comes, you will not hold me back. Promise me that you will not hold me back from Stannis.
Catelyn Stark: When the time comes, I will not hold you back.
Brienne of Tarth: [offers her sword to Catelyn] Then I am yours, My Lady. I will shield your back and will give my life for yours if it comes to that. I swear it by the Old Gods and the New.
Catelyn Stark: [takes Brienne's hand] I vow that you shall always have a place in my home and at my table, and that I shall ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the Old Gods and the New.
Joffrey Baratheon: [shouting at his guards while outnumbered by rioting peasants] What are you doing?! I want these people executed!
Sandor Clegane: And they want the same for you!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[After barely escaping an angry mob]
Joffrey Baratheon: Traitors! I'll have all their heads!
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, you blind, bloody fool!
Joffrey Baratheon: You can't insult me!
Tyrion Lannister: We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king!
Joffrey Baratheon: Y-you can't-
Tyrion Lannister: I can, I am!
Joffrey Baratheon: They attacked me!
Tyrion Lannister: They threw a cow pie at you, so you decided to kill them all?! They're starving, you fool! All because of the war you started!
Joffrey Baratheon: You're talking to a king!
Tyrion Lannister: [slaps Joffrey] And now I've struck a king! Did my hand fall from my wrist? [to Meryn Trant] Where is the Stark girl?
Joffrey Baratheon: Let them have her!
Tyrion Lannister: If she dies, you'll never get your uncle Jaime back! You owe him quite a bit, you know.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Theon and Dagmer barge in, waking Bran from his sleep.]
Theon Greyjoy: I've taken your castle!
Bran Stark: Theon!?
Theon Greyjoy: It's Prince Theon now. Get up! You have to get dressed. I've taken Winterfell. I took it. I'm occupying it. I sent men over the walls with grappling claws and ropes.
Bran Stark: Why?
Theon Greyjoy: To take the castle.
Bran Stark: You went with Robb.
Theon Greyjoy: And he sent me back to Pyke. I'm a Greyjoy. I can't fight for Robb and my father both. Where's Hodor?
Bran Stark: I don't know.
Theon Greyjoy: [To Dagmer] Find the halfwit. [To Bran] My men are bringing your people into the courtyard.
Bran Stark: Why?
Theon Greyjoy: So you and I can go down and tell them how you've yielded Winterfell to me.
Bran Stark: I won't!
Theon Greyjoy: Yes you will!
[Bran hoists himself up.]
Bran Stark: I won't! I'll never yield. I'll fight you and throw you out.
[Theon sits on the edge of Bran's bed and clears his throat.]
Theon Greyjoy: The castle is mine but these people are still yours. You'll yield to keep them safe. To keep them alive. That's what a good lord would do. Think carefully about what you want to say.
[Theon stands up and heads back out of Bran's room.]
Bran Stark: Theon. [Theon turns back to Bran.] Did you hate us the whole time?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Spice King: Look what a beauty you are now that the Red Waste has been washed of you. I am sorry about all that unpleasantness. The silver hair of a true Targaryen. Xaro Xhoan Doxas, she is far too lovely for a glorified dock worker like yourself.
Xaro Xhoan Doxas: Very true, and yet they say that your grandfather sold pepper on the back of a wagon, married a lady far lovelier and higher-born than himself.
Spice King: Every lady alive was lovelier and higher-born than my grandfather. [Daenaerys clears her throat] Did my servants not offer you anything to eat? To drink? I shall have them flogged in the square-
Daenerys Targaryen: Thank you my lord, you are a gracious host, but there is no servant alive that can bring me what I want.
Spice King: Ah, she has a talent for drama this one. So my little princess, what is it you want?
Daenerys Targaryen: My birthright; the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros.
Spice King:I fear I'm no better than a servant in this regard; I cannot give you what I do not have
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm not asking you for the Kingdoms. I'm asking you for ships. I need to cross the Narrow Sea
Spice King: I need my ships as well. I use them, you see, to bring spices from one port to another-
Daenerys Targaryen: Whatever you grant me now will be repaid three times over when I retake the Iron Throne.
Spice King: Retake? Did you once sit on the Iron Throne?
Daenerys Targaryen: My father sat there before he was murdered.
Spice King: If you did not sit on it yourself, would it not be correcter to say 'take' the Iron Throne?
Daenerys Targaryen: I did not come here to argue grammar.
Spice King: Of course not. You came to take my ships. So let me explain my position little princess. Unlike you, I do not have exulted ancestors. I make my living by trade and I judge every trade on its merits. You ask for ships. You say I will be repaid triple. I do not doubt your honesty or intentions, but before you repay your debts your must seize the Seven Kingdoms. Do you have an army?
Daenerys Targaryen: Not yet.
Spice King: You do not have an army. Do you have powerful allies in Westeros?
Daenerys Targaryen: There are many there who support my claim.
Spice King: When were you there last?
Daenerys Targaryen: I left when I was a baby.
Spice King: So in truth you have no allies.
Daenerys Targaryen: The people will rise to fight for their rightful Queen when I return.
Spice King: Ah. Forgive me little princess, but I cannot make an investment based on wishes and dreams!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[two Ironborn march a bloodied Ser Rodrik Cassel into Winterfell]
Black Lorren: Caught this one coming back from Torrhen's Square. He cut down two of ours before I got his sword. (Ser Rodrik glares at Theon in pure rage)
Theon Greyjoy: Ser Rodrik, it grieves me that we meet as foes.
Rodrik Cassel: (contemptuously) It grieves me you've less honor than a back-alley whore. You were raised here, under this roof! These people are your people!
Theon Greyjoy: They are not my people!
Rodrik Cassel: King Robb thought of you as a brother! (Theon looks guilty, but defiant)
Theon Greyjoy: My brothers are dead! They died fighting Stark men! Men like you!
Rodrik Cassel: (sneers) Aye, they died fighting a war your father started! Lord Stark raised you among his own sons-
Theon Greyjoy: Among them, but not one of them! I was his hostage! Taken from my home!
Rodrik Cassel: If he were alive to see this...
Theon Greyjoy: He's not! He's dead. The Seven Kingdoms are at war, and Winterfell is mine.
Rodrik Cassel: (contemptuously) I should've put a sword in your belly instead of in your hand.
Theon Greyjoy: You've served this House faithfully, old man. But keep talking, and I'll- (Ser Rodrik spits in Theon's face, the Ironborn beat him and force him to his knees.) Take him to the cells! Lock him up-
Dagmer Cleftjaw: My Prince! You cannot let that stand, he must pay!
Theon Greyjoy: I'll lock him in a cell until he rots-
Dagmer Cleftjaw: No. He has to pay the Iron Price. (Theon looks shocked) They'll never respect you, while he lives. (Theon looks down at Ser Rodrik, who continues to glare savagely at him)
Theon Greyjoy: (glances to the frightened Stark boys and Maester Luwin, then back to Ser Rodrik) Ser Rodrik! I sentence you to death!
Brandon Stark: No! You said no harm would come to them if I yielded!
Theon Greyjoy: The old man couldn't keep his mouth shut! (Maester Luwin comes up to him and puts a hand on Theon's shoulder)
Maester Luwin: I urge you not to make a hasty decision.
Theon Greyjoy: He disrespected me in front of my men! That was his decision, not mine!
Maester Luwin: He's worth more to you alive than dead. The Starks will pay. Please, Theon, think on what you do.
[Theon glances from him to Dagmer, who shakes his head.]
Theon Greyjoy: You'll address me as Prince Theon, or you'll be next. (Luwin sadly lets go of Theon's shoulder)
Dagmer Cleftjaw: Come!
[The Ironborn drag Rodrik across the courtyard to the block as the crowd protests.]
Brandon Stark: No!
Rickon Stark: No!
Brandon Stark: Theon! Please! Rodrik! Please stop, please!
Rodrik Cassel: (staring at Theon hatefully) He who passes the sentence should swing the sword!
Brandon Stark: I'm begging you!
Rodrik Cassel: Coward!
[Theon pauses, then nods to the Ironborn, who force Rodrik to kneel; Theon motions Dagmer back and draws his sword]
Brandon Stark: (half sobbing) STOP! Stop right now!
Theon Greyjoy: (holds his sword over Rodrik's neck) You don't give commands anymore, little Lord!
Brandon Stark: Please stop!
Rodrik Cassel: Hush now, child. (smiles gently at Bran) I'm off to see your father.
Brandon Stark: You said no harm would come! You said no harm would come to them, please!
Theon Greyjoy: Any last words, old man?
Rodrik Cassel: (looks up at him for a moment) Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy. Now, you are truly lost.
Brandon Stark: Please don't! I'll do anything! Please!
Rickon Stark: No, please stop it!
[Theon swings his sword but fumbles the task of executing Rodrik with just one blow. It takes him three more swords strikes and a kick to finally behead Rodrik. Bran is still heard wailing as Theon nervously looks in all directions as the rain pours down on him.]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tywin Lannister: Can you read?
Amory Lorch: My Lord? (Arya brings a jug to the table, Tywin holds out his arm to stop her)
Tywin Lannister:(angrily) Can- you- read? (pause) This letter, detailing our infantry movements, was meant for Lord Daemon of House Marbrand. It was sent to Lord Marlyn of House Dormund.
Amory Lorch: My apologies, my Lord, I must have missed-
Tywin Lannister: Girl, fetch me "The History of the Greater and Lesser Houses". It's the one on the s- (he notices that Arya has already found the book and is bringing it over) My cupbearer can read better than you.(stands up and opens the book in front of Lorch, turning to a page) To whom does House Dormund owe allegiance?
Amory Lorch: (stares at the page)...My Lord, I-
Tywin Lannister: TO THE STARKS OF WINTERFELL! Who have twenty thousand men and my son! (Arya, pouring wine, watches) I judged you might be good for something more than brutalizing peasants- I see I overestimated you. (slams the book shut) If you ever put my son's life at risk again, I'll- (clenches his jaw) Leave us. (Lorch walks out) Put the book away, girl. (Arya comes forward and picks it up) Maybe you should devise our next battle plan, while you're about it. (Arya smiles, carries the book across the room)
Lannister guard: (enters) Lord Petyr Baelish! (Arya's face turns frightened, though she hides it)
Tywin Lannister: Hmm. (to his generals) Give us the room. (they leave, he notices Arya dawldling in the corner) Clear all this! (gestures to the table as Littlefinger enters)
Petyr Baelish: Lord Tywin! (bows)
Tywin Lannister: Baelish. (he and Baelish both seat themselves as Arya hastily clears the table) Wine?
Petyr Baelish: Thank you. (fearfully, Arya comes across to the table with goblets and the wine-jug)
Tywin Lannister: What news from the Capitol?
Petyr Baelish:...I traveled here directly from Renly Baratheon's camp.
Tywin Lannister: Ah. The late King Renly. (snorts) Rather a short reign- murdered by a woman, I hear. (Arya fills Baelish's cup)
Petyr Baelish: So they say. There has been talk of...other forces, at work. Dark forces. (smiles and drinks)
Tywin Lannister: (notices Arya passing by him and hands her his cup to fill) Here. (turns back to Baelish) Heh- men love to blame demons when their grand plans unravel. (takes his full cup from Arya)
Petyr Baelish: It is my belief that a moment of chaos affords opportunities lost soon after.
Tywin Lannister: (impatiently) You say that as if you were the first man alive to think it. Yes, a crisis is an opportunity- what other brilliant insights have you brought me today?
Petyr Baelish: After the Lannisters and the Starks, the Tyrells command the largest host- their lands are the most fertile in the Seven Kingdoms. Feeding, horses, and soldiers...
Tywin Lannister: (rolls his eyes impatiently) Yes, yes, yes...
Petyr Baelish: The Tyrells have not yet declared for any of the surviving Kings. Loras wants revenge; he blames Stannis for Renly's death. And Margaery-
Tywin Lannister: (nods) Wants to be Queen.
Petyr Baelish: (shrugs and smiles) Yes she does. (drinks)
Tywin Lannister:...House Tyrell rebelled against the Iron Throne- against my grandson.
Petyr Baelish: They did. And, perhaps that treason should be punished- one day. After Stannis and Robb Stark are defeated. (Arya listens as she puts away items)
Tywin Lannister:...More wine for Lord Baelish. (As Arya walks quickly around the table to get the wine-jug, Littlefinger seems to notice her for the first time; he watches her for a moment)
Petyr Baelish: If you would allow me to represent your family's interests, I believe that an advantageous agreement-
Tywin Lannister: The Tyrell host has returned to Highgarden.
Petyr Baelish: They have- (Arya accidentally spills wine on his hand and gasps in terror)
Arya Stark: Pardon, my Lord. (she hastily wipes up the spill; Tywin smiles amusedly)
Petyr Baelish: (reassuringly) It's only wine. (he notices her familiar face and looks at her more closely)
Tywin Lannister: You would ride there yourself?
Petyr Baelish: (looks away from Arya)...Tonight, with your leave.
Tywin Lannister: And have an answer by nightfall. That'll be all, girl. (Arya takes the jug and walks away from them; Littlefinger watches her again) What else?
Petyr Baelish: On your son Tyrion's directive, I met with Catelyn Stark.
Tywin Lannister: Why?
Petyr Baelish: He had an interesting proposal for her... concerning her daughters.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tywin Lannister: (comes up behind Arya as she is clearing the table, notices her glancing at a letter mentioning Robb Stark) Who taught you to read?
Arya Stark: (hastily) My father, my Lord.
Tywin Lannister: H'm. (picks up a letter from the table) I taught my son Jaime to read. The maester came to me one day, and told me he wasn't learning- couldn't make sense of the letters. Reversed them in his head. The Maester said he'd heard tell of this affliction, and that we simply must accept it- hah! (puts the letter back on the table) After that, I sat Jaime down for four hours every day, until he learned. (Arya stares at him) He hated me for it, for a time- for a long time. But he learned. (pause, Arya keeps clearing the table) Where is your father? Is he alive? (Arya pauses, shakes her head sadly) Who was he?
Arya Stark: A... stonemason.
Tywin Lannister: (surprised) A stonemason who could read? Hmm...
Arya Stark: He taught himself.
Tywin Lannister: (nods, impressed) Quite a man. What killed him?
Arya Stark: (pause) Loyalty.
Tywin Lannister: (pause, smiles slightly at her) You're a sharp little thing, aren't you? (starts to turn away)
Arya Stark: Is... (Tywin turns back towards her) Forgive me, my Lord- I shouldn't ask questions. (starts clearing the table again)
Tywin Lannister: No- but you've already begun. (looks at her expectantly)
Arya Stark: ...Did you know your father, my Lord?
Tywin Lannister: (nods) I did. I grew up with him. (walks over to a chair facing the window, sits) I watched him grow old. (pause) He loved us; he was a good man (Arya steals the letter mentioning Robb Stark)...but a weak man. A weak man, who nearly destroyed our house and name. (pause) I'm cold.
Arya Stark: I'll fetch more wood for the fire, my Lord. (Tywin nods, she leaves)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Daenerys Targaryen: I am Daenerys Stormborn, of the blood of Old Valyria and I will take what is mine, with fire and blood!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Robb Stark learns that Theon Greyjoy has betrayed him and seized Winterfell]
Robb Stark: This cannot be true.
Lord Roose Bolton: We've had ravens from White Harbour, Barrowtown and the Dreadfort, my lord. I'm afraid it is true.
Robb Stark: Why? Why would Theon-?
Roose Bolton: Because the Greyjoys are treasonous whores.
Robb Stark: My brothers?
Roose Bolton: We've heard nothing of them...but Rodrik Cassell is dead.
Catelyn Stark: [angry] I told you, never trust a Greyjoy!
Robb Stark: I must go north at once.
Roose Bolton: There's still a war to win, Your Grace-!
Robb Stark: How can I call myself 'King' if I can't hold my own castle?! How can I ask men to follow me if-?!
Roose Bolton: You are a king! And that means you don't have to do everything yourself.
Catelyn Stark: Let me go and talk to Theon-
Robb Stark: There will be no talk, he will die for this!
Roose Bolton: Theon holds the castle with a skeleton crew. Let me send word to my bastard son at the Dreadfort; he can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. We have the Lannisters on the run; if you march all the way back north now, you lose what you gained. My boy would be honoured to bring you Prince Theon's head.
Robb Stark: Tell your son Bran and Rickon's safety is paramount. And Theon...I want him brought to me alive. I want to look him in the eye and ask him 'Why?'...and then I will take his head myself!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ygritte: (mocking Jon about his sexual repression) I heard they get all swollen and bruised if you don't use them. 'Course, maybe that's just what the lads say when they want me feeling sorry for them- as if I'd feel sorry for them. (pause) Are there no girl Crows?
Jon Snow: There are no women of the Night's Watch, no.
Ygritte: So the lads just do it with each other?
Jon Snow: (impatiently) No.
Ygritte: (amazed) Never?
Jon Snow: Never- we swore an oath.
Ygritte: Do you have sheep at the Wall? (gives Jon an incredulous glance, Jon doesn't bother to reply) With your hands, then- no wonder you're all so miserable.
Jon Snow: (grabs her rope and spins her around) Would you please shut up?
Ygritte: (mockingly) "Would you please shut up?" (angrily) You think you're better than me, Crow- I'm a free woman-
Jon Snow: (nods to the ropes binding her) Oh, you're a free woman?
Ygritte: Well, I might be your prisoner, but I'm a free woman!
Jon Snow: If you're my prisoner you're not a free woman- that's what prisoner means!
Ygritte: And you think you're free? You swore some stupid oath, and now you can never touch a girl?
Jon Snow: It was my choice to say the words.
Ygritte: So you don't like girls?
Jon Snow: 'Course I like girls!
Ygritte: But you promised never to touch them?!
Jon Snow: That's the price you pay if you want to be a man of the Night's Watch!
Ygritte: (sarcastically) So, instead of getting naked with a girl, you prefer to invade our lands and-
Jon Snow: Invade your lands?! (steps close to her angrily) Wildlings raid our lands all the time- some of them tried to kill my little brother, a crippled boy!
Ygritte: (equally angry) They're not your lands! We've been here all the time! You lot just came along and put up a big Wall and said it was yours!
Jon Snow: My father was Ned Stark. I have the blood of the First Man- my ancestors lived here, same as yours!
Ygritte:...So why are you fightin' us? (Jon has no answer)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ser Jorah Mormont: I shouldn't have left you alone with these people.
Daenerys Targaryen: These people?
Ser Jorah Mormont: They are not to be trusted.
Daenerys Targaryen: Who is to be trusted? Who are my people? The Targaryens? I only knew one: my brother, and he would have let a thousand men rape me if it would have gotten him the crown. The Dothraki? Most of them turned on me the day that Khal Drogo fell from his horse.
Ser Jorah Mormont: Your people are in Westeros.
Daenerys Targaryen: The people in Westeros don't know I'm alive!
Ser Jorah Mormont: They will soon enough.
Daenerys Targaryen: And then what? They'll pray for my return? They'll wave dragon banners and shout my name? That's what my brother believed and he's a fool.
Ser Jorah Mormont: You are not your brother. Trust me, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: There it is: trust me. And it's you I should trust, Ser Jorah? Only you? I don't need trust any longer. I don't want it and I don't have room for it.
Ser Jorah Mormont: You are too young to be so¨C
Daenerys Targaryen: And you are too familiar!
Ser Jorah Mormont: Forgive me, Khaleesi. No one can survive in this world without help. No one. Let me help you, please. Tell me how.
Daenerys Targaryen: Find my dragons.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Robb Stark: (on Cersei Lannister's response to his terms) And what did she say?
Alton Lannister: She... admired your spirit, Your Grace.
Robb Stark: And what then?
Alton Lannister: (visibly nervous) She...erm...
Robb Stark: If every man were held accountable for the actions of every distant relative, Ser Alton, we'd all hang.
Alton Lannister:...She tore the paper in half, Your Grace.
Robb Stark: You've acted with honor. I thank you for it. Lord Karstark, see that Ser Alton's pen is clean, and give him a hot supper.
Rickard Karstark: Ser Alton's pen is occupied, Your Grace. The prisoners from the Yellow Fork.
Roose Bolton: Too many prisoners.
Robb Stark: Is there room for Ser Alton
Rickard Karstark: (sarcastically) Does he need to lie down?
Robb Stark: Have the men build him a new pen. Put him in with the Kingslayer for now- have your boy watch over them.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tywin Lannister: (sniffing a poison dart that he thinks was intended for him, as prisoners are interrogated outside the castle keep) Wolfsbane- a rare substance. (to Gregor Clegane) This is no common assassin.
Gregor Clegane: We hanged twenty men last night.
Tywin Lannister: I don't care if you hanged a hundred. A man tried to kill me- I want his name, and I want his head.
Gregor Clegane: We think it was an infiltrator, from the Brotherhood Without Banners. (Arya brings food and drink)
Tywin Lannister: A pretentious name for a band of outlaws. We can't allow rebels behind our lines to harass us with impunity; we look like fools, and they look like heroes. That's how kings fall. I want them dead- every one.
Gregor Clegane: Killing them isn't the problem. (glances at Arya, who is cutting up Tywin's food) It's finding them.
Tywin Lannister: You gone soft, Clegane? I always thought you had a talent for violence. (Arya hides a kitchen knife) Burn the villages, burn the farms- let them know what it means to choose the wrong side. (Clegane leaves, Tywin turns to Arya) Is that mutton?
Arya Stark: Yes, my Lord.
Tywin Lannister: I don't like mutton.
Arya Stark:... I- I'll bring something else-
Tywin Lannister: Leave it. (walks over to the table) You hungry?
Arya Stark: (shakes her head quickly) No.
Tywin Lannister: Of course you are. (gestures to the dish of bread and mutton) Eat.
Arya Stark: I'll... eat in the kitchen, later.
Tywin Lannister: (impatiently) It's bad manners to refuse a Lord's offer. (walks around her, offers her a knife) Sit- eat. (Arya sits, takes the knife, and- after hesitating- starts eating, ravenously) You're small, for your age- I suppose you've been underfed your whole life.
Arya Stark: (with her mouth full) I eat a lot- I just don't grow.
Tywin Lannister: (nods, turns away to the window) H'm. This will be my last war- win, or loose.
Arya Stark:... Have you ever lost before?
Tywin Lannister: (gives her a sharp look over his shoulder) Do you think I'd be in my position if I'd lost a war? (he raises an eyebrow, Arya shakes her head and shrugs; Tywin turns back to the window) This is the one I'll be remembered for- the War of Five Kings, they're calling it. (Arya glances at the back of Tywin's neck; her grip on the knife tightens as she contemplates killing him) My legacy will be determined in the coming months (he turns around, Arya quickly relaxes her grip; the danger moment is passed) Do you know what legacy means? (Arya shakes her head) It's what you pass down to your children- and to your children's children. It's what remains of you, after you're gone. (gestures at the vast chamber around them) Harren the Black thought this castle would be his legacy. The greatest fortress ever built- the tallest towers, the strongest walls. (walks over to the shattered fireplace) The Great Hall had thirty-five hearths. Thirty- five, can you imagine? (pause) Look at it now- a blasted ruin. Do you know what happened?
Arya Stark: (smiles eagerly)...Dragons?
Tywin Lannister: (smiles ruefully at her) Yes... Dragons happened. (sits down across from her and pours himself a drink) Harrenhall was built to withstand an attack from the land. A million men could have marched on these walls, and a million men would have been repelled. But, an attack from the air, with dragonfire- (shakes his head) Harren and all his sons roasted alive within these walls. Aegon Targaryen changed the rules- that's why every child alive knows his name, three hundred years after his death. (takes a drink)
Arya Stark: Aegon... and his sisters.
Tywin Lannister: (sets down his goblet) Hmm?
Arya Stark: It wasn't just Aegon riding his dragon. It was Raenys and Visenya, too.
Tywin Lannister: (looks at her curiously) Correct!....Student of history, are you?
Arya Stark: (not realizing she has nearly exposed her identity) Raenys rode Baraxis, Visenya rode Vaegar.
Tywin Lannister: (shrugs, takes a drink) I'm sure I knew that, when I was a boy.
Arya Stark: Visenya Targaryen was a great warrior. She had a Valyrian steel sword she called "Dark Sister".
Tywin Lannister: (smiles knowingly) Hmm- she's a heroine of yours, I take it? (pause) Aren't most girls more interested in the pretty maids in the songs- Jonquil, with flowers in their hair?
Arya Stark: (contemptuously) Most girls are idiots.
Tywin Lannister: (amused) Hah! You remind me of my daughter. (frowns at her curiously again, leans forward) Where did you learn all this stuff about Visenya and her Valyrian steel sword?
Arya Stark: (realizing the danger, but secretly answering truthfully)... From my father.
Tywin Lannister: (raises an eyebrow skeptically) He was a well-read stone-mason...(shrugs, leans back and takes a drink) Can't say I've ever met a literate stone-mason.
Arya Stark:(sarcastically) ...Have you met many stone-masons, my Lord?
Tywin ( lowers his cup, smiles coldly) ...Careful now, girl. I enjoy you, but be careful. (gestures at her half-empty plate of food) Take that back to the kitchen- eat what you want. (Arya nods, collects her dishes and starts toward the door) And girl- "Milord". (Arya turns and frowns at him, confused) Low-born girls say "Milord", not "my Lord". If you're going to pose as a commoner, you should do it properly.
Arya Stark: (defiantly) My mother served Lady Dustin for many years, my Lord. She taught me how to speak proper- properly.
Tywin Lannister: (smiles admiringly) You're too smart for your own good- has anyone told you that?
Arya Stark: (smiles) Yes.
Tywin Lannister: Go on. (Arya leaves, Tywin smiles to himself)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tyrion Lannister: It's just you, me and Joffrey, the "Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm".
Cersei Lannister: I'm sure you'll make a point eventually.
Tyrion Lannister: He needs to start acting like a king! This war you started is coming to our doorstep and if the entire city wants Joffrey dead...
Cersei Lannister: I'm not the one giving the boy whores to abuse!
Tyrion Lannister: I thought the girls might help him.
Cersei Lannister: Did you?!
Tyrion Lannister: I was wrong! If we can't control him¨C
Cersei Lannister: Do you think I haven't tried?! He doesn't listen to me!
Tyrion Lannister:[nodding] It's hard to put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on its head.
Cersei Lannister: I always hoped he'd be like Jaime. He looks like him, in a certain light.
Tyrion Lannister: The boy's more Robert than Jaime.
Cersei Lannister: Robert was a drunken fool, but he didn't enjoy cruelty. Sometimes, I wonder¨C
Tyrion Lannister: What?
Cersei Lannister: If this is the price for what we've done. For our sins.
Tyrion Lannister: Sins? The Targaryens¨C
Cersei Lannister: Wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know. It's what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt. It's what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me. Half the Targaryens went mad, didn't they? What's the saying? "Every time a Targaryen is born, the gods flip a coin."
Tyrion Lannister: [awkwardly] You've beaten the odds. Tommen and Myrcella are good, decent children, both of them.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jaime Lannister: Come to say goodbye, Lady Stark? I believe it's my last night in this world. [looks at Brienne] Is that a woman?
Catelyn Stark: Do you hear them out there? They want your head.
Jaime Lannister: Well, old Lord Karstark doesn't seem to like me.
Catelyn Stark: You strangled his son with your chains.
Jaime Lannister: Oh, oh. Was he the one on guard duty? He was in my way. Any knight would have done the same.
Catelyn Stark: You are no knight. You have forsaken every vow you ever took.
Jaime Lannister: So many vows. They make you swear and swear. Defend the King, obey the King, obey your father, protect the innocent, defend the weak. But what if your father despises the King? What if the King massacres the innocent? It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or another. [indicating Brienne] Where did you find this beast?
Catelyn Stark: She is a truer knight than you will ever be, Kingslayer.
Jaime Lannister: Kingslayer. And what a king he was! Here's to Aerys Targaryen, the second of his name, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, Protector of the Realm, and to the sword I shoved in his back!
Catelyn Stark: You are a man without honor.
Jaime Lannister: Do you know I've never been with any woman but Cersei? So in my own way, I have more honor than poor old dead Ned. What was the name of the bastard he fathered?
Catelyn Stark: Brienne.
Jaime Lannister: No, that wasn't it. Snow, a bastard from the North. Now when- when good old Ned came home with some whore's baby, did you pretend to love it? No. You're not very good at pretending. You're an honest woman. You hated that boy, didn't you? How could you not hate him? The walking, talking reminder that the honorable Lord Eddard Stark fucked another woman.
Catelyn Stark: [to Brienne] Your sword.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Theon Greyjoy: You should be proud of your brother's achievement. I took the great castle of Winterfell with 20 men.
Yara Greyjoy: You're a great warrior. I saw the bodies above your gates. Which one gave you the tougher fight, the cripple or the six-year-old?
Theon Greyjoy: I treated the Stark boys with honor and they repaid me with treachery.
Yara Greyjoy: You treated them with honor by butchering them?
Theon Greyjoy: Before I had to kill them, I treated them¨C
Yara Greyjoy: You seized their home, as is your right. We're Ironborn; we take what we need.
Theon Greyjoy: Exactly.
Yara Greyjoy: Then you made them prisoners in their home and they ran away. Is that treachery? I'd call it bravery.
Theon Greyjoy: They made me a promise¨C
Yara Greyjoy: Your little boy prisoners made you a promise and you got mad when they broke it? Are you the dumbest cunt alive?
Theon Greyjoy: Don't call me a¨C
Yara Greyjoy: A cunt. A dumb cunt who killed the only two Starks in Winterfell. You know how valuable those boys were?
Theon Greyjoy: If I hadn't killed them, the Northerners would think me weak.
Yara Greyjoy: You are weak. And you're stupid.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Roose Bolton: My bastard is only a few days from Winterfell. Once he captures the castle-
Robb Stark: Theon has my brothers. If we storm the castle-
Roose Bolton: He wouldn't dare hurt the boys! (pause) They're his only hope of escaping the North with his head.
Robb Stark:...Send word to your son. Any Ironborn who surrender will be allowed to return safely to their homes.
Roose Bolton:...A touch of mercy is a virtue, Your Grace. Too much-
Robb Stark:Any Ironborn- with the exception of Theon Greyjoy. He betrayed our cause- he betrayed me. We will hunt him down, no matter where he runs.
Roose Bolton: I expect his countrymen will turn on him, the minute they hear the offer.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Kevan Lannister: King's Landing will fall an hour after Stannis lands his force- it's not too late for King Joffrey and Cersei and the rest of the court to ride west to safety.
Tywin Lannister: (scornfully)...Surrender the Iron Throne?
Kevan Lannister: Better than seeing their heads mounted on the city gates! Stannis will execute them all-
Tywin Lannister: No. A King who runs will not be King for long. He's a Lannister- he'll stand and fight. (Kevan sighs impatiently) Stannis two days from the capitol, and the wolf at my dorstep-
Kevan Lannister: Our scouts assure us Robb Stark remains north of Ashemark.
Tywin Lannister: Hah! The last time the scouts assured us of Stark's movements, he lured us into a trap! (stands up) Which is why my son is his prisoner. (walks to the fireplace as Arya pours Kevan wine) Too close to Casterly Rock.
Kevan Lannister: He sent a splinter force to capture Winterfell. The Greyjoys have done us a great favor- Stark won't risk marching on Casterly Rock until he's at full force!
Tywin Lannister: He's a boy, and he's never lost a battle! He'll risk anything, at any time- because he doesn't know enough to be afraid. (pause, comes over to the table) We'll ride at nightfall. (Arya looks up sharply) I want a full night's march before he knows we're on the move. Clegane- you'll maintain a garrison here at Harrenhal. Track down this Brotherhood- and destroy them. (moves around the table, looks at Arya) The girl's proven herself a good servant- she'll stay on with you. (to Arya) See that he doesn't get drunk in the evenings- he's poor company when he's sober, but he's better at his work.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Arya Stark: Where were you?!
Jaqen H'ghar: The man has patrol duty!
Arya Stark: Tywin Lannister was right here- and now, he's gone!
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl owes one more name- the Red God demands it. Give the man a name.
Arya Stark: (pause) How long, after I give you the name, does it take you to kill someone?
Jaqen H'ghar: (shrugs) A minute, an hour, a month (sits down) Death is certain... but time is not.
Arya Stark: He's taking his army to attack my brother- I need him dead right now!
Jaqen H'ghar: (shakes his head) This, a man cannot do.
Arya Stark: You promised you'd help me.
Jaqen H'ghar: Help was not promised, lovely girl. Only death. There must be others. Give a name, any name.
Arya Stark: And you'll kill them? Anybody?
Jaqen H'ghar: By the Seven New Gods and the Old Gods beyond counting, I swear it.
Arya Stark: Alright. Jaqen H'ghar.
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl gives a man his own name?
Arya Stark: That's right.
Jaqen H'ghar: Gods are not mocked. This is no joking thing.
Arya Stark: I'm not joking. A man can go kill himself.
Jaqen H'ghar: Un-name me.
Arya Stark: No.
Jaqen H'ghar: Please?
Arya Stark: I'll unname you.
Jaqen H'ghar: Thank you.
Arya Stark: If you help me and my friends escape.
Jaqen H'ghar: This would require more than one life. This is not part of our bargain.
Arya Stark: Fine, Jaqen H'ghar.
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl lacks honor. [Arya shrugs] If I do this thing, a girl must obey.
Arya Stark: A girl will obey.
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl and her friends will walk through the gate at midnight.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ygritte: How long 'till we get back to your Crows?
Jon Snow: We're close.
Ygritte: What- a day? A half-day? (pause) You don't know, do you? (smirks) D'you even know where they are?
Jon Snow: (firmly) We're close.
Ygritte: ('turns around to look at him, walking backwards) What d'you think they'll say when they hear about you and me?
Jon Snow: Nothing happened between you and me-
Ygritte: ( mockingly, as Jon gets increasingly angry) "I swear it, old Crow, ser, we were only close together for warmth! And then, I felt it, right up against me backside like a clope- I could show you the bruise on me tailbone! And, before I knew what was where, his-his- well, it was all out in the open, all angry as you like, and I didn't want to want it, but- oh! I did! And he spread me legs and- ruined! The shame of it! Now, I can never marry a perfumed Lord- what would me poor, savage father say?"
Jon Snow: Turn back around-
Ygritte: "And I thought that we were done, but he said, 'turn back around'" (Jon stops walking, glaring at her) I'll tell you what, Jon Snow- since it's gonna be your word against mine, and since you can't talk about it without blushing- you may as well just... (grins at him)
Jon Snow: (scornfully) What, right here in the muck?
Ygritte: (laughs) Oh, I'll keep you warm enough. (she moves to undo her cloak, and Jon yanks on her rope to stop her) Are you that afraid of it?
Jon Snow: That's enough.
Ygritte: Oh, it's nice... and wet... and warm- (she starts walking towards him, subtly wrapping the loose rope around her wrists)
Jon Snow: Enough!
Ygritte:It don't have teeth- (she comes very close, Jon half-draws Longclaw and she steps back hastily) All right! All right- Gods, you're dull. (Jon moves his hand off Longclaw, and Ygritte suddenly yanks the rope taut, knocking Jon off his feet and pulling the rope from his hands. As Jon gets to his feet and draws Longclaw, she runs off, dissappearing around an icy outcrop. Jon runs after her and finds the end of her rope- cut. He hears a whistle and sees Ygritte grinning at him from a nearby rock; several Wildlings emerge from cover, surrounding Jon)...Should've took me while you had the chance.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Davos Seaworth: I understand why the older families look down at me.
Stannis Baratheon: Do you? Why?
Davos Seaworth: My father was a crabber.
Stannis Baratheon: And?
Davos Seaworth: Sons of lords don't like to break bread with sons of crabbers; our hands stink.
Stannis Baratheon: And where were those lords when Storm's End starved?!
Davos Seaworth: Many fought bravely for your brother. Many fought for the Mad King.
Stannis Baratheon: You defend these men who insult you behind your back.
Davos Seaworth: Some are happy to do it to my face.
Stannis Baratheon: [angry] We were forgotten. Robert and Ned Stark, they were the heroes, the glorious rebels. Marching from battle to battle, liberating towns from the yoke of the Mad King while I held Storm's End with 500 men.
Davos Seaworth: No one's forgotten, your Grace.
Stannis Baratheon: No? Robert did. He gave Storm's End to Renly after the war. Renly never fought a day in his life!
Davos Seaworth: He was only a boy.
Stannis Baratheon: Then why give him Storm's End? [pause] First, we ate the horses. We weren't riding anywhere, not with the castle surrounded. We couldn't feed them, so fine. The horses, then the cats-I've never liked cats, so fine. I do like dogs - good animals, loyal - but we ate them too. Then the rats... The night before you slipped through, I thought my wife was dying. She couldn't speak anymore, she was so frail. And then you made it through the lines, slipped right through in your little black sail boat with your onions...
Davos Seaworth: And some potatoes. Some salted beef, I believe.
Stannis Baratheon: Every man at Storm's End wanted to kiss you that night.
Davos Seaworth: [smiles] I was relieved they did not.
Stannis Baratheon: Robert told me to hold Storm's End, so I held it. Then he told me he was giving it to Renly, so I gave it up. Insult or no, I gave it up because Robert was my older brother and he was the king and I've always done my duty. But now, I am the rightful king by every law of Westeros. And when I sit the Iron Throne, you will be my Hand.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace...[he kneels] I pray I serve you well.
Stannis Baratheon: I expect you'll be the first crabber's son to wear the badge.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Cersei Lannister: [quiet and angry] Do you think I'm an idiot?!
Tyrion Lannister: I'd say you possess above average intelligence...
Cersei Lannister: You shipped off my only daughter. Now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die.
Tyrion Lannister: He'll have his Kingsguard protecting him, he has the finest armour gold can buy; he needs to be out there. The men will fight more fiercely seeing their King fighting beside them, instead of hiding behind his mother's skirts.
Cersei Lannister: Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?
Tyrion Lannister: Because he has thousands of spies in his employ? Because he knows everything we do before we do it?
Cersei Lannister: Because he doesn't have a cock.
Tyrion Lannister: Neither do you.
Cersei Lannister: Perhaps I'm dangerous, too. You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man. That little worm between your legs does half your thinking for you.
Tyrion Lannister: It's not that little. [Cersei laughes humourlessly] Why are you laughing?
Cersei Lannister: Because I'm happy!
Tyrion Lannister: [suspicious] And why are you happy?
Cersei Lannister: Because I have your little whore.
Tyrion Lannister: [disconcerted, then sarcastic] I thought you preferred blondes.
Cersei Lannister: Such a droll little fellow. Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good, Father will be so pleased!
Tyrion Lannister: Why do you care who I fuck?
Cersei Lannister: Because a Lannister always pays her debts. You stole my daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed¨C
Tyrion Lannister: This is madness. Stannis will be here in days, you need me.
Cersei Lannister: For what?! Your skill in battle?! Pretty thing, your whore. Lovely body; the bruises will heal in time...
Tyrion Lannister: Where did you find her?
Cersei Lannister: Varys isn't the only one who hears whispers. Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully.
Tyrion Lannister:[Realizes she has Ros, not Shae] You've forgotten the most important thing about whores...
Cersei Lannister: Oh? Well, you're the expert, tell me.
Tyrion Lannister: You don't buy them, you only rent them.
Cersei Lannister: You're usually a better liar, baby brother. This one you like. You like her very much... [mocking] Could it be love? Don't worry, she'll be treated gently enough... unless Joffrey is hurt, and then every wound he suffers, she'll suffer too. And if he dies, there isn't a man alive who could advise a more painful death for your little cunt.
Tyrion Lannister: [struggling to hold back his anger] And how do I know you haven't killed her already?
Cersei Lannister: You'd like to see her? I thought you might. [to the guard] Ser Mandon, bring in my brother's whore. [Two Kingsguard knights drag in a beaten Ros]
Tyrion Lannister: [to Ros] I'm sorry they hurt you. You must be brave. I promise, I will free you.
Ros: Don't forget me.
Tyrion Lannister: Never. [the knights drag her out. Tyrion turns to face a grinning Cersei] I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth... and you will know the debt is paid. [Cersei's grin falters]
Cersei: Get out.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Joffrey Baratheon: You're the Master of Whisperers. You're supposed to know everything.
Varys: No man can be in all rooms at all times. I have many little birds in the North, My Lord, but I haven't heard their songs since Theon Greyojoy captured Winterfell.
Joffrey Baratheon: The Stark forces are distracted. Now is the time to strike.
Tyrion Lannister: To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?
Joffrey Baratheon: If my uncle Stannis lands on the shores of King's Landing, I'll ride out to greet him.
Tyrion Lannister: A brave choice, Your Grace. I'm sure your men will line up behind you.
Joffrey Baratheon: They say Stannis never smiles. [unsheathes his dagger] I'll give him a red smile, from ear to ear.
(Joffrey walks away, Tyrion and Varys look at each other in amusement)
Tyrion Lannister: Imagine Stannis's terror.
Varys: (deadpan) I am trying. (they observe the fortifications)
Tyrion Lannister: You're an intelligent man. I'd like to think I'm an intelligent man.
Varys: Oh, no-one disputes that, my Lord... not even the multitudes who despise you.
Tyrion Lannister: (deadpan) I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men.
Varys: ( glances at him, equally deadpan) I wish we could, too. (pause, Tyrion stares at him)
Tyrion Lannister: What do you want? (Varys looks him in the eye) Tell me.
Varys: If we're going to play, you'll have to start. (Tyrion shrugs, they both walk over to the edge of the battlements)
Tyrion Lannister: My brother was the youngest Kingsguard in history. My sister became Queen at the age of nineteen. When I reached manhood... my father put me in charge of all the drains and cisterns in Casterly Rock.
Varys: A most high-born plumber.
Tyrion Lannister: The water never flowed better, and all the shit found its way to the sea. I never expected to have any real power, so when my father named me acting Hand-
Varys: You're quite good at being Hand, you know. Jon Arryn and Ned Stark were good men- honorable men- but they disdained the Game and those who played. You... enjoy the Game.
Tyrion Lannister: I do. Last thing I expected.
Varys: And you play it well.
Tyrion: I'd like to keep playing it. (they both look out over Blackwater Bay) But if Stannis breaches the gates, the Game is over.
Varys: They say he burns his enemies alive, to honor the Lord of Light.
Tyrion Lannister: The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned. The Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?
Varys: In the Summer Isles, they worship a fertility goddess with sixteen teats.
Tyrion Lannister: We should sail there immediately. (Varys looks around, then leans close to Tyrion)
Varys: This morning, I heard a song- all the way from Qarth, beyond the Red Waste. (Tyrion glances at him) Daenerys Targaryen lives.
Tyrion Lannister: A girl at the edge of the world is the least of our problems.
Varys: She has three dragons... but, even if what they say is true, it'll be years before they are fully grown... and then there will be nowhere to hide.
Tyrion Lannister: One Game at a time, my friend.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ser Jorah Mormont: Careful, Khaleesi. Xaro owns this city and the warlocks have a thousand eyes watching for you. I found one. A ship with a good captain. She leaves for Astapor tomorrow.
Daenerys Targaryen: Astapor?
Ser Jorah Mormont: We cannot stay here.
Daenerys Targaryen: They have my dragons! A mother does not flee without her children.
Ser Jorah Mormont: They're not your children. I know they call you the Mother of Dragons, and I know you love them, but you did not grow them in your womb. They did not suckle at your breast. They are dragons, Khaleesi, and if we stay in Qarth we'll die.
Daenerys Targaryen: You should sail to Astapor. I'm sure you'll be safe there. [turns and walks away]
Ser Jorah Mormont: You know I would die for you. I will never abandon you. I'm sworn to protect you. To serve.
Daenerys Targaryen: Then serve me! If my dragons are in the House of the Undying, then take me there.
Ser Jorah Mormont: That's what the warlock wants. He told you so himself! If you enter that place you will never leave again. His magic is strong.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what of my magic? You saw me step into the fire. You watched the witch burn, and what did the flames do to me? Do you remember?
Ser Jorah Mormont: Until my last breath I will remember. After I have forgotten my mother's face.
Daenerys Targaryen: [strokes Jorah's face] They are my children, and they are the only children I will ever have. Take me to them.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Theon Greyjoy: You should be proud of your brother's achievement. I took the great castle of Winterfell with 20 men.
Yara Greyjoy: You're a great warrior. I saw the bodies above your gates. Which one gave you the tougher fight, the cripple or the six-year-old?
Theon Greyjoy: I treated the Stark boys with honor and they repaid me with treachery.
Yara Greyjoy: You treated them with honor by butchering them?
Theon Greyjoy: Before I had to kill them, I treated them¨C
Yara Greyjoy: You seized their home, as is your right. We're Ironborn; we take what we need.
Theon Greyjoy: Exactly.
Yara Greyjoy: Then you made them prisoners in their home and they ran away. Is that treachery? I'd call it bravery.
Theon Greyjoy: They made me a promise¨C
Yara Greyjoy: Your little boy prisoners made you a promise and you got mad when they broke it? Are you the dumbest cunt alive?
Theon Greyjoy: Don't call me a¨C
Yara Greyjoy: A cunt. A dumb cunt who killed the only two Starks in Winterfell. You know how valuable those boys were?
Theon Greyjoy: If I hadn't killed them, the Northerners would think me weak.
Yara Greyjoy: You are weak. And you're stupid.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Roose Bolton: My bastard is only a few days from Winterfell. Once he captures the castle-
Robb Stark: Theon has my brothers. If we storm the castle-
Roose Bolton: He wouldn't dare hurt the boys! (pause) They're his only hope of escaping the North with his head.
Robb Stark:...Send word to your son. Any Ironborn who surrender will be allowed to return safely to their homes.
Roose Bolton:...A touch of mercy is a virtue, Your Grace. Too much-
Robb Stark:Any Ironborn- with the exception of Theon Greyjoy. He betrayed our cause- he betrayed me. We will hunt him down, no matter where he runs.
Roose Bolton: I expect his countrymen will turn on him, the minute they hear the offer.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Kevan Lannister: King's Landing will fall an hour after Stannis lands his force- it's not too late for King Joffrey and Cersei and the rest of the court to ride west to safety.
Tywin Lannister: (scornfully)...Surrender the Iron Throne?
Kevan Lannister: Better than seeing their heads mounted on the city gates! Stannis will execute them all-
Tywin Lannister: No. A King who runs will not be King for long. He's a Lannister- he'll stand and fight. (Kevan sighs impatiently) Stannis two days from the capitol, and the wolf at my dorstep-
Kevan Lannister: Our scouts assure us Robb Stark remains north of Ashemark.
Tywin Lannister: Hah! The last time the scouts assured us of Stark's movements, he lured us into a trap! (stands up) Which is why my son is his prisoner. (walks to the fireplace as Arya pours Kevan wine) Too close to Casterly Rock.
Kevan Lannister: He sent a splinter force to capture Winterfell. The Greyjoys have done us a great favor- Stark won't risk marching on Casterly Rock until he's at full force!
Tywin Lannister: He's a boy, and he's never lost a battle! He'll risk anything, at any time- because he doesn't know enough to be afraid. (pause, comes over to the table) We'll ride at nightfall. (Arya looks up sharply) I want a full night's march before he knows we're on the move. Clegane- you'll maintain a garrison here at Harrenhal. Track down this Brotherhood- and destroy them. (moves around the table, looks at Arya) The girl's proven herself a good servant- she'll stay on with you. (to Arya) See that he doesn't get drunk in the evenings- he's poor company when he's sober, but he's better at his work.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Arya Stark: Where were you?!
Jaqen H'ghar: The man has patrol duty!
Arya Stark: Tywin Lannister was right here- and now, he's gone!
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl owes one more name- the Red God demands it. Give the man a name.
Arya Stark: (pause) How long, after I give you the name, does it take you to kill someone?
Jaqen H'ghar: (shrugs) A minute, an hour, a month (sits down) Death is certain... but time is not.
Arya Stark: He's taking his army to attack my brother- I need him dead right now!
Jaqen H'ghar: (shakes his head) This, a man cannot do.
Arya Stark: You promised you'd help me.
Jaqen H'ghar: Help was not promised, lovely girl. Only death. There must be others. Give a name, any name.
Arya Stark: And you'll kill them? Anybody?
Jaqen H'ghar: By the Seven New Gods and the Old Gods beyond counting, I swear it.
Arya Stark: Alright. Jaqen H'ghar.
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl gives a man his own name?
Arya Stark: That's right.
Jaqen H'ghar: Gods are not mocked. This is no joking thing.
Arya Stark: I'm not joking. A man can go kill himself.
Jaqen H'ghar: Un-name me.
Arya Stark: No.
Jaqen H'ghar: Please?
Arya Stark: I'll unname you.
Jaqen H'ghar: Thank you.
Arya Stark: If you help me and my friends escape.
Jaqen H'ghar: This would require more than one life. This is not part of our bargain.
Arya Stark: Fine, Jaqen H'ghar.
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl lacks honor. [Arya shrugs] If I do this thing, a girl must obey.
Arya Stark: A girl will obey.
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl and her friends will walk through the gate at midnight.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ygritte: How long 'till we get back to your Crows?
Jon Snow: We're close.
Ygritte: What- a day? A half-day? (pause) You don't know, do you? (smirks) D'you even know where they are?
Jon Snow: (firmly) We're close.
Ygritte: ('turns around to look at him, walking backwards) What d'you think they'll say when they hear about you and me?
Jon Snow: Nothing happened between you and me-
Ygritte: ( mockingly, as Jon gets increasingly angry) "I swear it, old Crow, ser, we were only close together for warmth! And then, I felt it, right up against me backside like a clope- I could show you the bruise on me tailbone! And, before I knew what was where, his-his- well, it was all out in the open, all angry as you like, and I didn't want to want it, but- oh! I did! And he spread me legs and- ruined! The shame of it! Now, I can never marry a perfumed Lord- what would me poor, savage father say?"
Jon Snow: Turn back around-
Ygritte: "And I thought that we were done, but he said, 'turn back around'" (Jon stops walking, glaring at her) I'll tell you what, Jon Snow- since it's gonna be your word against mine, and since you can't talk about it without blushing- you may as well just... (grins at him)
Jon Snow: (scornfully) What, right here in the muck?
Ygritte: (laughs) Oh, I'll keep you warm enough. (she moves to undo her cloak, and Jon yanks on her rope to stop her) Are you that afraid of it?
Jon Snow: That's enough.
Ygritte: Oh, it's nice... and wet... and warm- (she starts walking towards him, subtly wrapping the loose rope around her wrists)
Jon Snow: Enough!
Ygritte:It don't have teeth- (she comes very close, Jon half-draws Longclaw and she steps back hastily) All right! All right- Gods, you're dull. (Jon moves his hand off Longclaw, and Ygritte suddenly yanks the rope taut, knocking Jon off his feet and pulling the rope from his hands. As Jon gets to his feet and draws Longclaw, she runs off, dissappearing around an icy outcrop. Jon runs after her and finds the end of her rope- cut. He hears a whistle and sees Ygritte grinning at him from a nearby rock; several Wildlings emerge from cover, surrounding Jon)...Should've took me while you had the chance.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Davos Seaworth: I understand why the older families look down at me.
Stannis Baratheon: Do you? Why?
Davos Seaworth: My father was a crabber.
Stannis Baratheon: And?
Davos Seaworth: Sons of lords don't like to break bread with sons of crabbers; our hands stink.
Stannis Baratheon: And where were those lords when Storm's End starved?!
Davos Seaworth: Many fought bravely for your brother. Many fought for the Mad King.
Stannis Baratheon: You defend these men who insult you behind your back.
Davos Seaworth: Some are happy to do it to my face.
Stannis Baratheon: [angry] We were forgotten. Robert and Ned Stark, they were the heroes, the glorious rebels. Marching from battle to battle, liberating towns from the yoke of the Mad King while I held Storm's End with 500 men.
Davos Seaworth: No one's forgotten, your Grace.
Stannis Baratheon: No? Robert did. He gave Storm's End to Renly after the war. Renly never fought a day in his life!
Davos Seaworth: He was only a boy.
Stannis Baratheon: Then why give him Storm's End? [pause] First, we ate the horses. We weren't riding anywhere, not with the castle surrounded. We couldn't feed them, so fine. The horses, then the cats-I've never liked cats, so fine. I do like dogs - good animals, loyal - but we ate them too. Then the rats... The night before you slipped through, I thought my wife was dying. She couldn't speak anymore, she was so frail. And then you made it through the lines, slipped right through in your little black sail boat with your onions...
Davos Seaworth: And some potatoes. Some salted beef, I believe.
Stannis Baratheon: Every man at Storm's End wanted to kiss you that night.
Davos Seaworth: [smiles] I was relieved they did not.
Stannis Baratheon: Robert told me to hold Storm's End, so I held it. Then he told me he was giving it to Renly, so I gave it up. Insult or no, I gave it up because Robert was my older brother and he was the king and I've always done my duty. But now, I am the rightful king by every law of Westeros. And when I sit the Iron Throne, you will be my Hand.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace...[he kneels] I pray I serve you well.
Stannis Baratheon: I expect you'll be the first crabber's son to wear the badge.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Cersei Lannister: [quiet and angry] Do you think I'm an idiot?!
Tyrion Lannister: I'd say you possess above average intelligence...
Cersei Lannister: You shipped off my only daughter. Now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die.
Tyrion Lannister: He'll have his Kingsguard protecting him, he has the finest armour gold can buy; he needs to be out there. The men will fight more fiercely seeing their King fighting beside them, instead of hiding behind his mother's skirts.
Cersei Lannister: Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?
Tyrion Lannister: Because he has thousands of spies in his employ? Because he knows everything we do before we do it?
Cersei Lannister: Because he doesn't have a cock.
Tyrion Lannister: Neither do you.
Cersei Lannister: Perhaps I'm dangerous, too. You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man. That little worm between your legs does half your thinking for you.
Tyrion Lannister: It's not that little. [Cersei laughes humourlessly] Why are you laughing?
Cersei Lannister: Because I'm happy!
Tyrion Lannister: [suspicious] And why are you happy?
Cersei Lannister: Because I have your little whore.
Tyrion Lannister: [disconcerted, then sarcastic] I thought you preferred blondes.
Cersei Lannister: Such a droll little fellow. Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good, Father will be so pleased!
Tyrion Lannister: Why do you care who I fuck?
Cersei Lannister: Because a Lannister always pays her debts. You stole my daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed¨C
Tyrion Lannister: This is madness. Stannis will be here in days, you need me.
Cersei Lannister: For what?! Your skill in battle?! Pretty thing, your whore. Lovely body; the bruises will heal in time...
Tyrion Lannister: Where did you find her?
Cersei Lannister: Varys isn't the only one who hears whispers. Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully.
Tyrion Lannister:[Realizes she has Ros, not Shae] You've forgotten the most important thing about whores...
Cersei Lannister: Oh? Well, you're the expert, tell me.
Tyrion Lannister: You don't buy them, you only rent them.
Cersei Lannister: You're usually a better liar, baby brother. This one you like. You like her very much... [mocking] Could it be love? Don't worry, she'll be treated gently enough... unless Joffrey is hurt, and then every wound he suffers, she'll suffer too. And if he dies, there isn't a man alive who could advise a more painful death for your little cunt.
Tyrion Lannister: [struggling to hold back his anger] And how do I know you haven't killed her already?
Cersei Lannister: You'd like to see her? I thought you might. [to the guard] Ser Mandon, bring in my brother's whore. [Two Kingsguard knights drag in a beaten Ros]
Tyrion Lannister: [to Ros] I'm sorry they hurt you. You must be brave. I promise, I will free you.
Ros: Don't forget me.
Tyrion Lannister: Never. [the knights drag her out. Tyrion turns to face a grinning Cersei] I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth... and you will know the debt is paid. [Cersei's grin falters]
Cersei: Get out.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Joffrey Baratheon: You're the Master of Whisperers. You're supposed to know everything.
Varys: No man can be in all rooms at all times. I have many little birds in the North, My Lord, but I haven't heard their songs since Theon Greyojoy captured Winterfell.
Joffrey Baratheon: The Stark forces are distracted. Now is the time to strike.
Tyrion Lannister: To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?
Joffrey Baratheon: If my uncle Stannis lands on the shores of King's Landing, I'll ride out to greet him.
Tyrion Lannister: A brave choice, Your Grace. I'm sure your men will line up behind you.
Joffrey Baratheon: They say Stannis never smiles. [unsheathes his dagger] I'll give him a red smile, from ear to ear.
(Joffrey walks away, Tyrion and Varys look at each other in amusement)
Tyrion Lannister: Imagine Stannis's terror.
Varys: (deadpan) I am trying. (they observe the fortifications)
Tyrion Lannister: You're an intelligent man. I'd like to think I'm an intelligent man.
Varys: Oh, no-one disputes that, my Lord... not even the multitudes who despise you.
Tyrion Lannister: (deadpan) I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men.
Varys: ( glances at him, equally deadpan) I wish we could, too. (pause, Tyrion stares at him)
Tyrion Lannister: What do you want? (Varys looks him in the eye) Tell me.
Varys: If we're going to play, you'll have to start. (Tyrion shrugs, they both walk over to the edge of the battlements)
Tyrion Lannister: My brother was the youngest Kingsguard in history. My sister became Queen at the age of nineteen. When I reached manhood... my father put me in charge of all the drains and cisterns in Casterly Rock.
Varys: A most high-born plumber.
Tyrion Lannister: The water never flowed better, and all the shit found its way to the sea. I never expected to have any real power, so when my father named me acting Hand-
Varys: You're quite good at being Hand, you know. Jon Arryn and Ned Stark were good men- honorable men- but they disdained the Game and those who played. You... enjoy the Game.
Tyrion Lannister: I do. Last thing I expected.
Varys: And you play it well.
Tyrion: I'd like to keep playing it. (they both look out over Blackwater Bay) But if Stannis breaches the gates, the Game is over.
Varys: They say he burns his enemies alive, to honor the Lord of Light.
Tyrion Lannister: The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned. The Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?
Varys: In the Summer Isles, they worship a fertility goddess with sixteen teats.
Tyrion Lannister: We should sail there immediately. (Varys looks around, then leans close to Tyrion)
Varys: This morning, I heard a song- all the way from Qarth, beyond the Red Waste. (Tyrion glances at him) Daenerys Targaryen lives.
Tyrion Lannister: A girl at the edge of the world is the least of our problems.
Varys: She has three dragons... but, even if what they say is true, it'll be years before they are fully grown... and then there will be nowhere to hide.
Tyrion Lannister: One Game at a time, my friend.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ser Jorah Mormont: Careful, Khaleesi. Xaro owns this city and the warlocks have a thousand eyes watching for you. I found one. A ship with a good captain. She leaves for Astapor tomorrow.
Daenerys Targaryen: Astapor?
Ser Jorah Mormont: We cannot stay here.
Daenerys Targaryen: They have my dragons! A mother does not flee without her children.
Ser Jorah Mormont: They're not your children. I know they call you the Mother of Dragons, and I know you love them, but you did not grow them in your womb. They did not suckle at your breast. They are dragons, Khaleesi, and if we stay in Qarth we'll die.
Daenerys Targaryen: You should sail to Astapor. I'm sure you'll be safe there. [turns and walks away]
Ser Jorah Mormont: You know I would die for you. I will never abandon you. I'm sworn to protect you. To serve.
Daenerys Targaryen: Then serve me! If my dragons are in the House of the Undying, then take me there.
Ser Jorah Mormont: That's what the warlock wants. He told you so himself! If you enter that place you will never leave again. His magic is strong.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what of my magic? You saw me step into the fire. You watched the witch burn, and what did the flames do to me? Do you remember?
Ser Jorah Mormont: Until my last breath I will remember. After I have forgotten my mother's face.
Daenerys Targaryen: [strokes Jorah's face] They are my children, and they are the only children I will ever have. Take me to them.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[As they approach King's Landing]
Matthos Seaworth: You're coming home
Davos Seasworth: King's Landing hasn't been home for 20 years. I spent most of my life dodging the Royal Fleet. And now I'm sailing right at them.
Matthos Seasworth: This is the Royal Fleet. And you're not a smuggler anymore, you're the High Captain.
Davos Seasworth: Of course there are several Royal Fleets at the moment.
Matthos Seasworth: Not after tonight. When the sun rises, Stannis will sit on the Iron Throne and you will be his Hand.
Davos Seasworth: Gods be good.
Matthos Seasworth: God. Father, there is only one and he watches over us.
Davos Seasworth: But not over them?
Matthos Seasworth: Over all of us. The people of King's Landing did not choose the false King Joffrey Baratheon. They will be glad to see his head on a spike.
Davos Seasworth: Well, first we have to put it there.
Matthos Seasworth: Our ships outnumber theirs ten to one. Our army outnumber theirs five to one.
Davos Seasworth: Those walls have never been breached. And the men guarding the walls, when they see you, they don't see a liberator. They see a stranger come to set their city on fire.
Matthos Seasworth: I have faith in the Lord of Light. I have faith in our cause. And I have faith in my captain.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Varys: (staring out of the window of the Tower of the Hand, listening to the bells tolling in alarm) I have always hated the bells. They ring for horror- a dead king, a city under siege-
Tyrion Lannister: (being fitted into his armor by Podrick Payne) A wedding?
Varys: Exactly... Podrick, is that it?
Tyrion Lannister: (mockingly) "Is that it?" Nice touch. As if you don't know the name of every boy in town.
Varys: I'm not entirely sure what you're suggesting...
Tyrion Lannister: (grins) I'm entirely sure you're entirely sure what I'm suggesting.
Varys: Do you trust him? (Pod looks at Tyrion nervously, then goes back to his work)
Tyrion Lannister: (glances at Pod) Oddly enough, I do.
Varys: Good. (comes over, spreads a map of the King's Landing underground on the table) The map you asked for.
Tyrion Lannkster: (studies it) There must be twenty miles of tunnels beneath this city.
Varys: Closer to fifty. The Targaryens built this city to withstand a siege... and to provide escape, if necessary. (looks inquiringly at Tyrion)
Tyrion Lannister: (shortly) I'm not escaping. Strange as it sounds, I'm the captain of this ship, and if the ship goes down, I go with it.
Varys: (smiles and nods) That is good to hear- though I'm sure many captains say the same, while their ship is afloat. (Podrick finishes buckling on Tyrion's arm-guards) You look well-suited for battle, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: Well, I'm not.
Varys: (grimly)...For all our sakes, I hope you are wrong. (Tyrion looks at him) My little birds tell me that Stannis Baratheon has taken up with a Red Priestess from Asshai.
Tyrion Lannister: What of it?
Varys: You don't believe in the old powers, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: Blood spells, curses, shape-shifting? What do you think?
Varys: (pause) I think you believe in what you see... and in what those you trust have seen. (smiles) You probably don't entirely trust me-
Tyrion Lannister: Well, don't take it personally- I don't entirely trust myself.
Varys: (softly)... And yet, I have seen things, and heard things. Things you have not, things... I wish I had not. (Tyrion stares at him for a moment; for the first time ever, Varys seems frightened)... I don't believe I've ever told you how I was cut. (Podrick gives him a frightened look)
Tyrion Lannister: No, I don't believe you have.
Varys: (pause) One day, I will. (pause) The dark arts have provided Lord Stannis with his armies, and paved his path to our door. For a man, in service to such powers, to sit on the Iron Throne- I can think of nothing worse. And, tonight... I believe you are the only man who can stop him. (Tyrion frowns thoughtfully, then grasps the battleaxe offered to him by Pod)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Lancel Lannister: Where's our fleet?!
Tyrion Lannister: On their way.
Joffrey Baratheon: Why isn't it here now?! They're coming! [Tyrion ignores him] Hound, tell the Hand that his King has asked him a question.
Sandor Clegane: (sighs) The King has asked you a question.
Tyrion Lannister: Ser Lancel, tell the Hound to tell the King that the Hand is extremely busy.
Lancel Lannister: [to Sandor] The Hand would like me to tell you, to tell the King¨C
Joffrey Baratheon: If I tell the Hound to cut you in half, he'll do it without a second thought.
Tyrion Lannister: That would make me the "Quarter Man"; just doesn't have the same ring to it. Cut me in half and I won't be able to give the signal. No signal, no plan. No plan and Stannis Baratheon sacks this city, takes the Iron Throne, puts your pinched little head atop a gate somewhere. It might be quite amusing, except my head would be up there too! I've never much liked my head, but I don't want to see it removed just yet.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Stannos Baratheon: (after Tyrion has obliterated a large portion of his fleet with a massive wildfire explosion) Prepare to land! (moves to the forecastle of his ship)
1st Baratheon soldier: (stunned) Your Grace? The wildfire-
Stannis Baratheon: The dwarf has played his little trick- he can only play it once. (pulls off his cloak, stands at the rail, ready to land and attack)
2nd Baratheon soldier: We're too far from the gates. The fire- their archers- hundreds will die!
Stannis Baratheon: (grimly) Thousands. (to his men) COME WITH ME AND TAKE THIS CITY! (his men cheer)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sandor Clegane: (having withdrawn from the battle due to his extreme fear of fire) Someone bring me a drink! (a pageboy hands him a waterskin; he drinks, then spits it out) Fuck the water! Bring me wine! (grabs a flask from a soldier and guzzles from it, walking away from the gate)
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) Can I get you some iced milk and a nice bowl of raspberries, too?
Sandor Clegane: Eat shit, Dwarf.
Tyrion Lannister: You're on the wrong side of the wall!
Sandor Clegane: I lost half of my men. (fearfully) The Blackwater's on fire.
Joffrey Baratheon: (hysterical with rage and fear) Dog, I command you to go back out there and fight!
Tyrion Lannister: You're Kingsguard, Clegane. We must beat them back, or they're going to take this city- your King's city!
Sandor Clegane:...Fuck the Kingsguard... Fuck the city... Fuck the King. (walks away)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tyrion Lannister: [quietly, to himself] I'll lead the attack. [rallying his troops] I'll lead the attack! Pod, my helmet. Ser Mandon, you will bear the King's banner. Men, form up! Men! Men! They say I'm half a man, but what does that make the lot of you?!
Lannister Soldier: The only way out is through the gates, and they're at the gates!
Tyrion Lannister: There's another way out; I'm going to show you. We'll come out behind them and fuck them in their arses! [the men laugh] Don't fight for your king and don't fight for his kingdoms! Don't fight for honour, don't fight for glory, don't fight for riches, because you won't get any! This is your city Stannis means to sack, that's your gate he's ramming! If he gets in, it'll be your houses he burns, your gold he steals, your women he'll rape. Those are brave men knocking at our door. Let's go kill them! [the men cheer]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Cersei Lannister: (believing the battle is lost) Shh. Calm, my sweet.
Tommen Baratheon: They're still fighting.
Cersei Lannister: No one's going to hurt you. I'll tell you a story. You know the one about the mother lion and her little cub; they lived in the woods.
Tommen Baratheon: The Kingswood.
Cersei Lannister: Yes, my love. In the Kingswood lived a mother and her cub. She loved him very much, but there were other things that lived in the woods. Evil things.
Tommen Baratheon: Like what?
Cersei Lannister: Like stags.
Tommen Baratheon: Stags aren't evil. They only eat grass.
Cersei Lannister: And wolves. They could hear them crying in the night, and the cub was frightened. His mother said, you are a lion, my son. You mustn't be afraid, for one day all the beasts will bow to you. You will be king. All the stags will bow, all the wolves will bow, the bears in the north and the foxes of the south, all the birds in the sky and the beasts in the sea. They will all come to you, little lion, to rest a crown upon your head. And the cub said, will I be strong and fierce like my father? Yes, said his mother. You will be strong and fierce, just like your father. (takes out a bottle of poison) I will keep you safe, my love. (brings the poison to Tommen's lips) I promise you. (seconds before Tommen drinks the poison, Lannister and Tyrell soldiers burst into the throne room, along with Tywin Lannister and Loras Tyrell) Father! (drops the poison)
Tywin Lannister: The battle is over; We have won!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Joffrey Baratheon: I, Joffrey of the House Baratheon, First of My Name, the rightful king of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, do hereby proclaim my grandfather Tywin Lannnister the savior of the city and the Hand of the King.
Tywin Lannister: Thank you, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: Lord Petyr Baelish, step forward. For your good service and ingenuity in uniting the Houses of Lannister and Tyrell, I declare you shall be granted the castle of Harrenhal with all its attendant lands and incomes to be held by your sons and grandsons from this day until the end of time.
Petyr Baelish: You honor me beyond words, Your Grace. I shall have to acquire some sons and grandsons.
Joffrey Baratheon: Ser Loras Tyrell. Your House has come to our aid. The whole realm is in your debt, none more so than I. If your family would ask anything of me, ask it and it shall be yours.
Loras Tyrell: Your Grace, my sister Margaery, her husband was taken from us before... She remains innocent. I would ask you to find it in your heart to do us the great honor of joining our Houses.
Joffrey Baratheon: Is this what you want, Lady Margaery?
Margaery Tyrell: With all my heart, Your Grace. I have come to love you from afar. Tales of your courage and wisdom have never been far from my ears. And those tales have taken root deep inside of me.
Joffrey Baratheon: Well, I too have heard tales of your beauty and grace, but the tales, do not do you justice, My Lady. It would be an honor to return your love, but I am promised to another. A King must keep his word.
Cersei Lannister: Your Grace, in the judgment of your Small Council, it would neither be proper nor wise for you to wed the daughter of a man beheaded for treason, a girl whose brother is in open rebellion against the throne as we speak. For the good of the realm, your councilors beg you to set Sansa Stark aside.
Joffrey Baratheon: I would like to heed your wishes and the wishes of my people, but I took a holy vow.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Your Grace, the Gods do indeed hold betrothal solemn, but your father, blessed be his memory, made this pact before the Starks revealed their falseness. I have consulted with the High Septon and he assures me that their crimes against the realm free you from any promise you have made to them in the sight of the Gods.
Joffrey Baratheon: The Gods are good. I am freed to heed my heart. Ser Loras, I will gladly wed your sweet sister. [to Margaery] You will be my Queen and I will love you from this day until my last day.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ros: (applying makeup to her bruises) Make yourself comfortable. (Varys- concealed by a hooded cloak- enters and sits on the bed; Ros turns around) That doesn't look very comfortable. Here- watch me- (opens the front of her robe to expose her breasts)
Varys: (pulls his hood back and shakes his head) No need for that, my dear.
Ros: You sure? (smiles seductively) Most men like what they see.
Varys: I am not like most men.
Ros: That's what most men say. (Varys chuckles, Ros closes her robe and comes to sit next to him) If you don't want what most men want, then you'd better tell me what you'd like me to do.
Varys: I would like you to tell me if working for Lord Baelish has been all you hoped it would be. (Ros looks at him thoughtfully)
Ros: Have we met?
Varys: (raises an eyebrow) You wouldn't remember me, if we had?
Ros: (shrugs) I meet a lot of men.
Varys: And I think you remember all of them. I think your true talents are wasted on them.
Ros: (smiles) You're very kind, my Lord. Allow me to return the favor. (she reaches for his crotch. When she feels nothing, she hastily pulls her arm back and stands up, terrified)
Varys: (watching her) You're afraid. (pause) Why? Nothing dangerous down there.
Ros: (swallows)...I know who you are.
Varys: And?...Unlike your current employer, I protect those who work for me. I don't abuse them to satisfy Royal whims, or force them to abuse each other.
Ros: How'd you know about that?
Varys: (smiles) I thought you said you knew who I was.
Ros: What can I do for you, Lord Varys? (Varys pats the bed next to him, and after a pause she sits down)
Varys: (lifts her chin gently with his finger) Littlefinger looks at you, and sees a collection of profitable holes. I see a potential partner.
Ros: I'm afraid of him.
Varys: (nods) Oh, you should be- he's a dangerous man. But everyone has their weaknesses. Your current employer hides his well... but not as well as he thinks.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Stannis Baratheon: You said you saw my victory in the flames.
Melisandre: I did. I still see it.
Stannis Baratheon: The flames lied. And I'm no better than a savage, trusting in a fire god! I fought for your god in Blackwater Bay. I led my men to the gates of the Seventh Hell as their brothers burned alive and for what?! An attack from behind by Tywin Lannister and the Tyrells?! If you see so much in your flames, why didn't you warn me?!
Melisandre: The Lord of Light only allows me glimpses-!
Stannis Baratheon: You claim to speak for a god!
Melisandre: Will you quit the war just because you've lost a battle?
Stannis Baratheon: You talk about war as if you understand it.
Melisandre: I've been fighting far longer than you.
Stannis Baratheon: Have you? Show me how you fight! [Stannis seizes Melisandre by the throat and starts throttling her] Show me! Where is your god now? Will he save you? [Melisandre stops struggling] Where is your god?!
Melisandre: Inside you. [stunned, Stannis releases her]
Stannis Baratheon: [horrified] I murdered my brother!
Melisandre: We murdered him. Share the weight with me.
Stannis Baratheon: He wasn't your brother.
Melisandre: This war has just begun. It will last for years. Thousands will die at your command. You will betray the men serving you, you will betray your family, you will betray everything you once held dear...and it will all be worth it, because you are the Son of Fire, you are the Warrior of Light. You will sweep aside this pretender and that one; you will be king.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[A besieged Theon throws another log on the fire he has going while a horn once again bellows outside.]
Theon Greyjoy: I will kill that man. I don't care how many arrows they feather me with, how many spears they run through me, I will kill that horn-blowing cunt before I fall!
Maester Luwin: They want you to know you're surrounded.
Theon Greyjoy: I know I'm surrounded. I know that because I stood on the battlements and saw I was surrounded.
Maester Luwin: They don't want you to sleep. They want to sap your spirit before...
Theon Greyjoy: Thank you, wise bald man! Thank you for explaining siege tactics to me. [The horn blows again.] No word from my father?
Maester Luwin: No.
Theon Greyjoy: Send more ravens.
Maester Luwin: You killed all the ravens.
Theon Greyjoy: The first time I saw Winterfell...[Theon trails off as he hears the horn blow again.] The first time I saw Winterfell, it looked like something that had been here for thousands of years, and would be here for thousands of years after I was dead. I saw it and I thought, "Of course Ned Stark crushed our rebellion and killed my brothers. We never stood a chance against a man who lives here."
Maester Luwin: Lord Stark went out of his way to make it your home.
Theon Greyjoy: Yes I know my captors were so very kind to me, you love reminding me of that! Everybody in this frozen pile of shit has loved reminding me of that. [His voice begins to break.] You know what it's like to be told how lucky you are to be someone's prisoner? To be told how much you owe them? And then to go back home to your real father... [Theon begins to shed tears as the horn blows again.] I will kill that man! I swear to the Drowned God, the old gods, the new gods, TO EVERY FUCKING GOD IN EVERY FUCKING HEAVEN, I WILL KILL THAT MAN!
Maester Luwin: Theon, listen to me. I serve Winterfell. Now Winterfell is yours. I'm bound by oath to serve you.
Theon Greyjoy: And what's your counsel, trusted friend?
Maester Luwin: Run. Five hundred Northmen wait outside the walls, you have 20 men. You can't win. Wait for nightfall and run.
Theon Greyjoy: There's nowhere to run. I'll never make it back to the Iron Islands. And even if I did, even if by some miracle I slipped through the lines and made it home, I'll be a coward. The Greyjoy who ran. The shame of the family.
Maester Luwin: [In a gentle tone.] Don't go home. Join the Night's Watch. Once a man has taken the black, he is beyond reach of the law. All his past crimes are forgiven.
Theon Greyjoy: I won't make it to the wall. I won't make it ten feet past the Winterfell gates.
Maester Luwin: There are ways. Hidden passageways built so the Lords of Winterfell could escape. The road will be dangerous. But with a little luck... [He steps out in front of Theon.] The Night's Watch is an ancient, honorable order. You'll have opportunities there.
Theon Greyjoy: The opportunity for Jon Snow to cut my throat in my sleep!
Maester Luwin: The opportunity to make amends for what you've done.
Theon Greyjoy: I've done a lot, haven't I? Things I never imagined myself doing.
Maester Luwin: I've known you for many years, Theon Greyjoy. You're not the man you are pretending to be. [Luwin puts his hand on Theon's shoulder.] Not yet.
Theon Greyjoy: You may be right. I've gone too far to pretend to be anything else.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Osha carefully opens the door to the crypt of Winterfell with Bran, Rickon, and Hodor close behind her.]
Bran Stark: Osha! What are you doing?
[They all enter the courtyard to find it littered with corpses and everything burned. Their ears prick up at the sound of Summer and Shaggydog whining as they stand in an archway leading outside to the unburnt Godswood, where Luwin lies dying from his wound. Rickon runs hastily towards him followed closely by Osha and Hodor, who is carrying Bran. Luwin opens his eyes and smiles happily at the Stark boys. In tears, Rickon lifts Luwin's robe and reveals his wound.]
Bran Stark: Tell us what medicine to get from your chambers.
Rickon Stark: We'll make you better.
Maester Luwin: [Reassuringly] I feel just fine.
Bran Stark: [Angry] They burned it down. They burned everything.
Maester Luwin: Not everything. Not you. But they may come back. You have to go. Put on your warmest clothes, pack as much food as you can carry, and go north.
Osha: North is the wrong way. Their mother and brother are south.
Maester Luwin: We don't know where. There are too many enemies in the south. Go to the wall, to Jon. He'll look after you and let your mother know you're safe.
Bran Stark: [Softly] I don't want to leave you.
[Bran holds his hand out towards Luwin who grasps it.]
Maester Luwin: No more than I want to leave you. I pulled you into the world. Both of you. I've seen both your faces almost every day since, and for that I consider myself very, very lucky. [Bran and Rickon shed tears.] Go now with Hodor. Go on. I'll be right here. [Bran and Rickon leave with Hodor.] Osha, you must protect them. You're the only one who can. [Osha nods] You may have to protect them against your own kind.
Osha: I have no great love for my own kind. [Luwin winces at his wound.] I'll get you milk of the poppy. Tell me where to find it.
Maester Luwin: I don't want milk of the poppy.
[Maester Luwin nods toward the dagger Osha is carrying, and she looks back up at him to confirm his will, and he nods a second time.]
Maester Luwin: Do it quickly.
[Osha pulls out her dagger and Luwin throws his head slightly before the scene cuts away to Shaggydog and Summer padding in front of Osha leading Rickon by the hand and Hodor pushing Bran in a cart. Bran takes one last look at Winterfell, which still has smoke pour out into the sky.]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Daenerys, having taken Xaro Xhoan Daxos and Doreah captive for betraying her, opens Xaro's vault and inspects it]
Daenerys Targaryen:...Nothing. (turns to face Xaro) Thank you, Xaro Xhoan Daxos. Thank you, for teaching me this lesson. (she gestures to her Dothraki, who drag Xaro and Doreah into the vault)
Xaro Xhoan Daxos: I am King of Qarth. I can help you now, truly- help you- we can take the Iron Throne! I'll bring you a thousand-
Doreah: (sobbing) Please, Khaleesi, I beg you, please!-
Xaro Xhoan Daxos: All is within your reach-
[Daenerys closes the vault, locking them inside forever]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Arya meets with Jacquen after he helps her, Hot Pie, and Gendry escape from Harrenhall]
Arya Stark: What are you doing here?
Jaqen H'ghar: Waiting for you.
Arya Stark: How did you know we'd come this way?
Jaqen H'ghar: After all the things you have seen, this is your question? (he starts to walk away, Arya blocks his path)
Arya Stark: How did you kill those guards? Was it hard? (Jaqen looks at her carefully)
Jaqen H'ghar: No harder than taking a new name- if you know the way-
Arya Stark: Show me how. I want to be able to do it, too!
Jaqen H'ghar: If you would learn, then you must come with me.
Arya Stark: Where?
Jaqen H'ghar: (nods eastwards) Far and away, across the Narrow Sea, to Braavos.
Arya Stark: (smiles)...My Dancing Master was from Braavos.
Jaqen H'ghar: (smiles ruefully) To be a Dancing Master is a special thing; but to be a Faceless Man...that is something else entirely. (Arya stares at him, torn) The girl has many names on her lips: Joffrey, Cersei, Tywin Lannister. Illyn Payne, the Hound. Names to offer up to the Red God...She could offer them all, one by one.
Arya Stark:...I want to. (pause, Jaqen stares at her) But I can't. I need to find my brother, and mother...and my sister. I need to find her, too.
Jaqen H'ghar: Then, we must part. (reaches into his belt pouch) The man has duties as well. (pulls an iron coin from his pouch and offers it to her) Here.
Arya Stark:...What is it?
Jaqen H'ghar: A coin of great value.
Arya Stark: (takes it) Could it buy a horse?
Jaqen H'ghar: It is not meant for the buying of horses.
Arya Stark: Then what good is it?
Jaqen H'ghar: If the day comes when you must find me again, just give that coin to any man from Braavos- and say these words to him: Valar Morghulis.
Arya Stark:...Valar Murghulis? (Jaqen nods and starts to walk past her) Please don't go, Jaqen.
Jaqen H'ghar: (turns back to look at her)...Jaqen is dead. Say it again: Valar Morghulis.
Arya Stark: Valar Morghulis.
Jaqen H'ghar: Good. (Jaqen turns away momentarily. When he turns back, he has an entirely different face, but the same voice) Farewell, Arya Stark.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Sam, Edd and Grenn are shoveling for fire fuel, not far from the Fist of the First Men]
Grenn: I thought we were coming North to fight Wildlings. (gestures at a chunk of dung) Is this goat?
Eddison "Dolorous Edd" Tollett: (inspects it and puts it in his bucket) Moose.
Grenn: People shouldn't live anywhere they need to burn shit to keep warm.
Dolorous Edd: Well, you see a tree, you let me know.
Samwell Tarly: If you step back and think about it, the thing about Gilly that's so interesting it-
Dolorous Edd: (muttering exasperatedly) Bloody kill me! (he and Grenn keep shoveling, trying to ignore Sam)
Samwell Tarly: No, truly! The thing that I find so interesting, is that, after everything Craster's done to her, she's still got hope that life might get better!
Dolorous Edd: (sarcastically) The thing about Gilly that you find so interesting is that she's said six words to you.
Samwell Tarley: (angrily) And the thing about you that I find most interesting- is- is absolutely nothing! (suddenly a horn sounds, Sam smiles) It's Jon and the Halfhand- they're back! (he is interrupted by a second horn blast)
Grenn: (throws down his shovel and draws his sword) Two blasts is Wildlings!
Dolorous Edd: You're not fighting them alone- come on! (as they start to move towards the Fist, there is a third blast, and they freeze, horrified)
Grenn: Three blasts.
Dolorous Edd: RUN! (they flee as the wind and snow begin to blow harder; Sam rapidly falls behind)
Samwell Tarly: Wait! Wait for me! (he trips) Grenn! Edd! (they vanish into the thickening whiteout)
[Sam stands up, then looks around him frantically as the wind whistles louder. He sees figures approaching behind him and runs frantically towards the Fist, hiding behind a rock. Wights- some dead Wildlings, some dead Watchmen- begin to emerge from the whiteout and walk past him towards the Fist. An undead horse, with a White Walker on its' back, stops next to the rock, and the Walker stares down at Sam. Sam begins to sob, but the Walker passes him by, directing the Wights towards the Fist and shrieking triumphantly, followed by more Wights and Walkers]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -








