- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Jon is brought into Mance Rayder's Wildling camp by Ygritte and Rattleshirt; he observes the Wildlings, then sees a Giant carrying mammoth tusks and is amazed]
Ygritte: (grins) First time you've seen a giant, Jon Snow? (Jon nods, still staring at the giant) Well, don't stare too long. They're shy- but when they stop being shy, they get angry. And when they're angry, I've seen them pound a man straight into the ground like a hammer on a nail. (she walks past, Jon follows; the Wildling children begin shouting "Crow!" at Jon and occasionallly throwing pebbles at him) You're wearing the wrong color.
Jon Snow: Mance was a Ranger.
Ygritte: In your hearts, all you Crows want to fly free.
Jon Snow: When I'm free, will I be free to go? (two more children run at him yelling "Crow" and throw their stones)
Ygritte: Sure you will! (knocks down the children with her spear, then turns to smile at Jon) And I'll be free to kill you. (they keep walking) Got no respect, this lot- got no fathers to slap 'em when they're foul.
Jon Snow: What happened to their fathers?
Ygritte: Some of 'em were killed by Crows like you. Don't look so glum, Jon Snow- if Mance Rayder likes you, you'll live another day. And if he don't... (grins at him again)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tormund Giantsbane: (eating chicken as Jon is brought into Mance Rayder's tent by Ygritte and Rattleshirt) I smell a Crow.
Rattleshirt: We killed his friends- thought you'd want to question this one.
Tormund Giantsbane: What do we want with a baby Crow?
Ygritte: This baby killed Qhorin Halfhand. (pause, Tormund turns to look at Jon) He wants to be one of us.
Tormund Giantsbane: (stands up and steps towards Jon) That halfhanded cunt killed friends of mine- friends twice your size.
Jon Snow: My father taught me big men fall just as quick as little ones if you put a sword through their hearts. (in the corner of the tent, Mance glances over, interested)
Tormund Giantsbane: Plenty of little men tried to put their swords through my heart. And there's plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods. What's your name, boy?
Jon Snow: Jon Snow... Your Grace. (he kneels, thinking Tormund is the King-Beyond-the-Wall; after a pause, all the Wildlings in the tent burst out laughing)
Tormund Giantsbane: "Your Grace?" Do you hear that? From now on, you'd better kneel every time I fart.
Mance Rayder: (comes forward) Stand, boy- we don't kneel for anyone beyond the Wall. (studies Jon) So- you're Ned Stark's Bastard? Thank you for the gift, Lord of Bones- you can leave us. (Rattleshirt leaves, followed more slowly by Ygritte) The girl likes you. You like her back, Snow? That why you want to join us?
Tormund Giantsbane: Don't panic, boy- this isn't the damp Night's Watch where we make you swear off girls.
Mance Rayder: This chicken-eater you thought was King is Tormund Giantsbane.
Tormund Giantsbane: (walks around Jon) Can't believe this... pup killed Halfhand.
Mance Rayder: He was our enemy, and I'm glad he's dead... (offers his hand, Jon shakes it) But he was my Brother, once. Back when he had a whole hand. What were you doin' with him?
Jon Snow: The Lord Commander sent me to the Halfhand, for seasoning.
Mance Rayder: Why?
Jon Snow: He wants me to lead one day-
Mance Rayder: But here you are, a traitor, kneeling before the King-Beyond-the-Wall.
Jon Snow: If I'm a traitor... then you are, too. (Mance's bodyguard, Fellback, looks up angrily. Mance pauses, then steps closer)
Mance Rayder:...Why do you want to join us, Jon Snow?
Jon Snow:...I want to be free.
Mance Rayder: (smiles coldly) No- I don't think so. I think what you want, most of all, is to be a hero. (Fellback stands up, brandishing his battleaxe; he and Tormund both step closer to Jon) I'll ask you one last time- why do you want to join us?
Jon Snow:...We stopped at Craster's Keep on the way north. I saw...
Mance Rayder: You saw what?
Jon Snow:...I saw Craster take his own baby boy, and leave it in the woods. I saw what took it. (pause, Mance stares at him)
Mance Rayder: You're telling me you saw... one of Them. And why would that make you desert your Brothers?
Jon Snow: Because, when I told the Lord Commander... he already knew. (pause) Thousands of years ago, the First Men battled the White Walkers and defeated them. I want to fight for the side that fights for the living. (pause) Did I come to the right place?
Mance Rayder:...We'll need to find you a new cloak.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jorah Mormont: (observing Dany's dragons catching fish)...They're growing fast.
Daenerys Targaryen: Not fast enough. I can't wait that long.(pause) I need an army.
Jorah Mormont: We'll be in Astapor by nightfall. Some say the Unsullied are the greatest soldiers in the world-
Daenerys Targaryen: (turns to face him) The greatest slave-soldiers in the world. The distinction means a good deal to some people-
Jorah Mormont: Do those people have any better ideas about how to put you on the Iron Throne?
Daenerys Targaryen:...It's too beautiful of a day, to argue. (one of her Dothraki followers vomits)
Jorah Mormont:...You're right. Another lovely day on the high seas-
Daenerys Targaryen: Don't mock them. They're the first Dothraki who've ever been on a ship- they followed me across the Poison Water! If they'll do it, others will, and with a true Khalasar-
Jorah Mormont: The Dothraki follow strength above all, Khaleesi. You'll have a true Khalasar when you prove yourself strong- and not before.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Bronn: As much as I appreciate the walk in the sunshine, your Lordship, I am wondering why you sent for me.
Tyrion Lannister: A number of people in this city want me killed- you're here to protect me.
Bronn: I've been doing that for a while, now.
Tyrion Lannister: Have you grown bored protecting me?
Bronn: I grow poor protecting you.
Tyrion Lannister: (scoffs) Poor? Under my patronage, you've become a knight, you've served as commander of the City Watch-
Bronn: Briefly.
Tyrion Lannister: (rolls his eyes) I'm sure you've filled your pockets.
Bronn: (shrugs) And now, my pockets are empty. You've given me a taste for the finer things- and, if you want me to carry on protecting you, you'll have to pay more.
Tyrion Lannister: I thought we were friends.
Bronn: We are- but I'm a sellsword. I sell my sword- I don't loan it out to friends as a favor.
Tyrion Lannister: (giving in) How much?
Bronn: Double.
Tyrion Lannister: Double?!
Bronn: I'm a knight, now- knights are worth double.
Tyrion Lannister: I don't even know what I'm paying you now!
Bronn: Which means you can afford it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tyrion Lannister: The badge looks good on you. Almost as good as it looked on me. [Tywin doesn't answer] Are you enjoying your new position?
Tywin Lannister: Am I enjoying it?
Tyrion Lannister: I was very happy as Hand of the King.
Tywin Lannister: Yes. I heard how happy you were. You brought a whore into my bed.
Tyrion Lannister: It wasn't your bed at the time.
Tywin Lannister: I sent you here to advise the king. I gave you real power and authority. You chose to spend your days as you always have: bedding harlots and drinking with thieves.
Tyrion Lannister: Occasionally I drank with the harlots.
Tywin Lannister: What do you want, Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister: Why does everyone assume I want something? Can't I simply visit with my beloved father? My beloved father who somehow forgot to visit his wounded son after he fell on the battlefield.
Tywin Lannister: Maester Pycelle assured me your wounds were not fatal.
Tyrion Lannister: I organized the defense of this city while you held court in the ruins of Harrenhal. I led the foray when the enemies were at the gate while your grandson, the king, quivered in fear behind the walls. I bled in the mud for our family. And as my reward, I was trundled off to some dark little cell. But what do I want? A little bloody gratitude would be a start.
Tywin Lannister: Jugglers and singers require applause. You are a Lannister. Do you think I demanded a garland of roses every time I suffered a wound on a battlefield? Hmm? Now, I have seven kingdoms to look after and three of them are in open rebellion. So tell me what you want.
Tyrion Lannister: I want what is mine by right. Jaime is your eldest son, heir to your lands and titles. But he is a Kingsguard, forbidden from marriage or inheritance. The day Jaime put on the white cloak, he gave up his claim to Casterly Rock. I am your son and lawful heir.
Tywin Lannister: You want Casterly Rock?
Tyrion Lannister: It is mine by right.
Tywin Lannister: We'll find you accommodations more suited to your name and as a reward for your accomplishments during the battle of Blackwater Bay. And when the time is right, you will be given a position fit for your talents so that you can serve your family and protect our legacy. And if you serve faithfully, you will be rewarded with a suitable wife. And I would let myself be consumed by maggots before mocking the family name and making you heir to Casterly Rock.
Tyrion Lannister: Why?
Tywin Lannister: Why? You ask that? You, who killed your mother to come into the world? You are an ill-made, spiteful little creature full of envy, lust, and low cunning. Men's laws give you the right to bear my name and display my colors since I cannot prove that you are not mine. And to teach me humility, the gods have condemned me to watch you waddle about wearing that proud lion that was my father's sigil and his father's before him. But neither gods nor men will ever compel me to let you turn Casterly Rock into your whorehouse. Go, now. Speak no more of your rights to Casterly Rock. Go. [Tyrion walks away] Oh, one more thing. The next whore I catch in your bed, I'll hang.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, you are the rightful king. Not only by blood. You're an honorable man, a just man. And there is still a war to fight.
Stannis Baratheon: I am fighting.
Davos Seaworth: By burning prisoners alive?
Melissandre: How would you punish the infidels, Ser Davos?
Davos Seaworth: I do not judge people for the gods they worship. If I did, I'd have thrown you in the sea before you ever set foot on Dragonstone.
Melissandre: I'm not your enemy.
Davos Seaworth: You are my enemy.
Melissandre: Was it me you fought on Blackwater Bay? Did I set your ships ablaze? I wasn't there when the wildfire killed our men by the thousands. I could have saved those men. You would have taken the city, Stannis would now sit upon his rightful throne, and you would stand beside him. But I wasn't there because you convinced your king to leave me behind. Do you hear them screaming? All those burning men in the water crying for their mothers, for their gods for help? Until the moment the Blackwater swallowed them. Don't despair, Ser Davos. What I told your son is true. Death by fire is the purest death.
[Davos pulls out a knife and tries to stab Melissandre, but is restrained by the guards.
Davos Seaworth: This woman is evil! She's the mother of demons.
Stannis Baratheon: Take him to the dungeon and lock him in a cell.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace!
Melissandre: You've chosen the darkness, Ser Davos.
Davos Seaworth [to Stannis] She will destroy us all!
Melissandre: I will pray for you.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Joffrey Baratheon: I do apologize, my lady. Small council meetings. At what point does it become treason to waste the king's time? That's a lovely gown, my lady.
Cersei Lannister: Yes, it suits you perfectly. I imagine you might be rather cold.
Margaery Tyrell: The climate is a bit more forgiving back in Highgarden, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: Shall I have them bring you a shawl, my lady?
Margaery Tyrell: I am touched by your concern, Your Grace. Luckily for us Tyrells, our blood runs quite warm. Doesn't it, Loras?
Loras Tyrell: Yes.
Margaery Tyrell: Loras, isn't the queen's gown magnificent? The fabric, the embroidery, the metalwork. I've never seen anything like it.
Cersei Lannister: You might find a bit of armor quite useful once you become queen. Perhaps before. Joffrey tells me you stopped your carriage at Flea Bottom on your way back from the sept this morning.
Margaery Tyrell: Yes. I paid a visit to an orphanage the High Septon told me about.
Loras Tyrell: Margaery does a great deal of work with the poor back in Highgarden. The lowest among us are no different from the highest if you give them a chance and approach them with an open heart.
Cersei Lannister: An open heart is what you'll get in Flea Bottom if you're not careful, my dear. Not long ago, we were attacked by a mob there. We had a full complement of guards that didn't stop them. The king barely escaped with his life.
Joffrey Baratheon: My mother's always had a penchant for drama. Facts become less and less important to her as she grows older. Our lives were never truly in danger.
Cersei Lannister: You're right, of course. But you are your father's son. We can't all have a king's bravery.
Margaery Tyrell: Hunger turns men into beasts. I'm glad House Tyrell has been able to help in this regard. They tell me 100 wagons arrive daily now from the Reach. Wheat, barley, apples. We've had a blessed harvest. And, of course, it's our duty to assist the capital in time of need.
Joffrey Baratheon: Well, as Ser Loras said, Lady Margaery has done this sort of... charitable work before. I'm sure she knows what she's doing.
Cersei Lannister: I'm sure she does.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Missandei translates Kraznys, who cannot speak the Common Tongue, explanation of Unsullied's training to Daenerys]
Missandei: They begin their training at five. Every day they drill from dawn to dusk until they have mastered the shortsword, the shield, and the three spears. Only one boy in four survives this rigorous training. Their discipline and loyalty are absolute. They fear nothing.
Jorah Mormont: Even the bravest men fear death.
Missandei: [in High Valyrian] The knight says even brave men fear death.
Kraznys mo Nakloz: [in High Valyrian] Tell the old man he smells like piss.
Missandei: [pauses] [in High Valyrian] Truly, Master?
Kraznys mo Nakloz: [in High Valyrian No, not truly. Are you a girl or a goat to ask such a thing?
Missandei: [in the Common Tongue] My master says the Unsullied are not men. Death means nothing to them.
Kraznys mo Nakloz: in High Valyrian] Tell this ignorant whore of a Westerner to open her eyes and watch.
Missandei: He begs you attend to this carefully, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: Tell the good master there is no need.
Kraznys: [in High Valyrian] She's worried about their nipples. Does the dumb bitch know we've cut off their balls? [cuts off the nipple of one of the Unsullied, who doesn't even flinch]
Missandei: My master points out that men don't need nipples.
Kraznys: [in High Valyrian] Here, I'm done with you.
Unsullied soldier: [in High Valyrian] This one is pleased to have served you.
Missandei: To win his shield, an Unsullied must go to the slave marts with a silver mark, find a newborn and kill it before its mother's eyes. This way, my master says, we make certain there is no weakness left in them.
Daenerys Targaryen: You take a babe from its mother's arms, kill it as she watches, and pay for her pain with a silver coin?
Missendei: [in High Valyrian] She is offended. She asks if you pay a silver coin to the mother, for her dead baby.
Kraznys: [in High Valyrian] What a soft mewling fool this one is.
Missandei: My master would like you to know that the silver is paid to the baby's owner, not the mother.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many do you have to sell?
[Kraznys holds up eight fingers]
Daenerys Targaryen: 8,000.
Kraznys: [in High Valyrian] Tell the Westerosi whore she has until tomorrow.
Missandei: Master Kraznys asks that you please hurry. Many other buyers are interested.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Ser Barristan Selmy has just saved Dany from a poisonous manticore; the girl who set it on her hisses, showing blue gums, and disappears]
Daenerys Targaryen: The Warlocks (looks at Ser Jorah Mormont, then to Selmy) I owe you my life, Ser.
Barristan Selmy: (removes his hood) The honor is mine, my Queen. (Jorah recognizes him and stiffens)
Daenerys Targaryen: (looks at Jorah) Do you know this man?
Jorah Mormont:(nods)...I know him. As one of the greatest fighters the Seven Kingdoms has ever seen... and as the Lord Commander of Robert Baratheon's Kingsguard. (Dany looks quickly between Jorah and Ser Barristan)
Ser Barristan Selmy: (walks up to them) King Robert is dead. I have been searching for you, Daenerys Stormborn, to ask your forgiveness. I was sworn to protect your family...I failed them. (he kneels before her) I am Barristan Selmy, Kingsguard to your father. Allow me to join your Queensguard, and I will not fail you again.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jaime Lannister: You know, it doesn't matter how loyal a servant you are, no one enjoys the company of a humorless mute. Trust me on this. People have been serving me since I was born. You think Lady Stark is going to want a giant towheaded plank following her around for the rest of her life? A week's journey with you and she'll order you to fall on your sword.
Brienne: If Lady Stark is unhappy with any aspect of my service, I'm sure she'll let me know. She's an honest woman.
Jaime Lannister: For all the good it's done her. How did you come into Lady Stark's service? There's something we can talk about.
Brienne: Not your concern, Kingslayer.
Jaime Lannister: It had to be recently. You weren't with her at Winterfell.
Brienne: How would you know?
Jaime Lannister: Because I visited Winterfell. I would have noticed your dour head smacking into the archways.
Brienne: Move.
Jaime Lannister: Were you pledged to Stannis?
Brienne: [disgustedly] Gods, no.
Jaime Lannister: Ah, Renly. Really? He wasn't fit to rule over anything more important than a 12-course meal.
Brienne: Shut your mouth.
Jaime Lannister: Why? I lived with him at court since he was a boy, don't forget. Could hardly escape the little tulip skipping down the corridors in his embroidered silks. I knew him far better than you.
Brienne: I knew him as well as anyone. As a member of his Kingsguard, he trusted me with everything. He would have been a wonderful king.
Jaime Lannister: Sounds like you quite fancied him.
Brienne: I did not fancy him.
Jaime Lannister: Oh, gods, you did. Did you ever tell him? No, of course not. You weren't Renly's type, I'm afraid. He preferred curly-haired little girls like Loras Tyrell. You're far too much man for him.
Brienne: I'm not interested in foul rumors.
Jaime Lannister: Unless they're about me. It's all true about Renly. His proclivities were the worst kept secret at court. It's a shame the throne isn't made out of cocks. They'd have never got him off it.
Brienne: [grabs Jaime by his hair] Shut your mouth!
Jaime Lannister: I don't blame him. And I don't blame you, either. We don't get to choose who we love.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Margaery Tyrell: Lady Sansa, it is my honor to present my grandmother... the Lady Olenna of House Tyrell.
Olenna Tyrell Kiss me, child. [Sansa does so] It's so good of you to visit me and my foolish flock of hens. We're very sorry for your losses.
Sansa Stark: And I was sorry when I heard of Lord Renly's death, Lady Margaery. He was very gallant.
Olenna Tyrell: Gallant, yes. And charming and very clean. He knew how to dress and smile and somehow this gave him the notion he was fit to be king.
Margaery Tyrell: Renly was brave and gentle, Grandmother. Father liked him and so did Loras.
Olenna Tyrell Loras is young and very good at knocking men off horses with a stick. That does not make him wise. As to your fathead father--
Margaery Tyrell: Grandmother! What will Sansa think of us?
Olenna Tyrell: She might think we have some wits about us. One of us, at any rate. It was treason. I warned them. Robert has two sons and Renly has an older brother. How could he possibly have any claim to that ugly iron chair? We should have stayed well out of all this if you ask me. But once the cow's been milked, there's no squirting the cream back up her udders. So here we are to see things through.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Olenna Tyrell: Here, Sansa, come sit with me. I'm much less boring than these others. Do you know my son? The Lord of Highgarden?
Sansa Stark: I haven't had the pleasure.
Olenna Tyrell: No great pleasure, believe me. A ponderous oaf. His father was an oaf as well. My husband, the late Lord Luthor. He managed to ride off a cliff whilst hawking. They say he was looking up at the sky and paying no mind to where his horse was taking him. And now my son is doing the same, only this time he's riding a lion instead of a horse. Now... I want you to tell me the truth about this royal boy, this Joffrey.
Sansa Stark: I... I...
Olenna Tyrell: You, you. Who else would know better? We've heard some troubling tales. Is there any truth to them? Has this boy mistreated you? [Sansa remains silent] Has he ripped out your tongue?
Sansa Stark: Joff- King Joffrey, he-- His Grace is very fair and handsome and as brave as a lion.
Olenna Tyrell: Yes, all Lannisters are lions. And when a Tyrell farts, it smells like a rose. But how kind is he? How clever? Has he a good heart, a gentle hand?
Margaery Tyrell: I'm to be his wife. I only want to know what that means.
Olenna Tyrell: [to a servant] Bring me some cheese.
Servant: The cheese will be served after the cakes, my lady.
Olenna Tyrell: The cheese will be served when I want it served. And I want it served now. [to Sansa] Are you frightened, child? No need for that. We're only women here. Tell us the truth. No harm will come to you.
Sansa Stark: My father always told the truth.
Olenna Tyrell: Yes, he had that reputation. And they named him traitor and took his head.
Sansa Stark: Joffrey. Joffrey did that. He promised he would be merciful and he cut my father's head off. And he said that was mercy. Then he took me up on the walls and made me look at it.
Margaery Tyrell: Go on.
Sansa Stark: I- I can't. I never meant- my father was a traitor. My brother as well. I have traitor's blood. Please don't make me say anymore.
Margaery Tyrell: She's terrified, Grandmother. Just look at her.
Olenna Tyrell: Speak freely, child. We would never betray your confidence, I swear it.
Sansa Stark: He's a monster.
Olenna Tyrell: Ah. That's a pity.
Sansa Stark: Please, don't stop the wedding.
Olenna Tyrell: Have no fear. The Lord Oaf of Highgarden is determined that Margaery shall be queen. Even so, we thank you for the truth. Ah, here comes my cheese.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Queen Talisa: [observing the prayer wheel Catelyn is making] May I help you, Lady Stark?
Catelyn Stark: [sharply] No.
Queen Talisa: I'm sorry, I shouldn't have-
Catelyn Stark: You can't help because a mother makes one for her children to protect them. Only a mother can make them.
Queen Talisa: You've made them before?
Catelyn Stark: Twice.
Queen Talisa: Did they work?
Catelyn Stark: After a fashion. I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall. Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox. Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live. But it would be a very long night. So I sat with him all through the darkness, listened to his ragged little breaths, his coughing, his whimpering.
Queen Talisa: Which boy?
Catelyn Stark: Jon Snow. When my husband brought that baby home from the war, I couldn't bear to look at him, didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring at me. So I prayed to the gods "Take him away, make him die". He got the pox and I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived. A murderer. I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother, a woman he didn't even know! So I prayed to all Seven Gods "Let the boy live. Let him live and I'll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it, to make him one of us".
Queen Talisa: And he lived?
Catelyn Stark: And he lived. And I couldn't keep my promise. And everything that's happened since then, all this horror that's come to my family...it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Mance Rayder: Was it hard for you to kill the Halfhand?
Jon Snow: ...Yes.
Mance Rayder: You liked him? (Jon nods) I like you- but if you're playin' us false, it won't be hard for me to kill you. I've got Wildling blood in my veins- these are my people.
Jon Snow: I understand-
Mance Rayder: Well, how could you understand?
Jon Snow: You want to protect your people.
Mance Rayder:...D'you know what it takes to unite ninety clans, half of whom want to massacre the other half for one insult or another? They speak seven different languages in my army. The Thenns hate the Hornfoots, the Hornfoots hate the Ice-River Clans, everyone hates the Cave People. So- d'you know how I got moon-worshippers and cannibals and giants to march together in the same army?
Jon Snow: No.
Mance Rayder: I told them we were all going to die if we didn't get south. Because that's the truth.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Osha: Isn't he ashamed, your brother, needing you to protect him?
Meera Reed: Where's the shame in that?
Osha: Any boy his age who needs his sister to protect him is gonna find himself needing lots of protecting.
Meera Reed: Some people will always need help. That doesn't mean they're not worth helping.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Edmure Tully: If I may, nephew, I encountered a situation with one of my lieutenants at the Stone Mill which may have some bearing-
Brynden Tully: Why don't you shut your mouth about that damned mill? And don't call him "nephew." He is your king.
Edmure Tully: Robb knows I meant him no disr-
Brynden Tully: You're lucky I'm not your king. I wouldn't let you wave your blunders around like a victory flag.
Edmure Tully: My blunder sent Tywin's mad dog scurrying back to Casterly Rock with his tail between his legs. I think King Robb understands we're not gonna win this war if he's the only one winning any battles. No, there's glory enough to go around.
Robb Stark: It's not about glory. Your instructions were to wait for him to come to you.
Edmure Tully: I seized an opportunity.
Robb Stark: What value was the mill?
Edmure Tully: The Mountain was garrisoned across the river from it.
Robb Stark: Is he there now?
Edmure Tully: Of course not. We took the fight to him. He could not withstand us.
Robb Stark: I wanted to draw the Mountain into the west, into our country where we could surround him and kill him. I wanted him to chase us, which he would have done because he is a mad dog without a strategic thought in his head. I could have that head on a spike by now. Instead, I have a mill.
Edmure Tully: We took hostages. Willem Lannister. Martyn Lannister.
Robb Stark: Willem and Martyn Lannister are 14 years old.
Brynden Tully:'Martyn is 15, I believe.
Robb Stark: Tywin Lannister has my sisters. Have I sued for peace?
Edmure Tully: No.
Robb Stark: Do you think he'll sue for peace because we have his... [pauses as he does the maths] Father's brother's great-grandsons?
Edmure Tully: No.
Robb Stark: How many men did you lose?
Edmure Tully: 208. But for every man we lost, the Lannisters--
Robb Stark: We need our men more than Tywin needs his!
Edmure Tully: I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Robb Stark: You would have. Right here today at this gathering if you had been patient.
Brynden Tully: We seem to be running short of patience here.
Robb Stark: You know who isn't? Tywin Lannister.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[At a Small Council meeting]
Tywin Lannister: What news of Jaime? [All the others remain silent] Twenty thousand unwashed Northerners have known about his escape for weeks. Collectively, you control more spies and informants than the rest of the world combined. Do you mean to tell me that none of you has any notion where he is?
Varys: We are trying, my lord-
Tywin Lannister: Try harder! What do we have then?
Varys: Robb Stark and most of his bannermen are in Riverrun for the funeral of his grandfather, Lord Hoster Tully. In Stark's absence, Roose Bolton holds Harrenhal...[Varys smirks at Littlefinger] which would make him Lord of Harrenhal, in practice if not in name-
Tywin Lannister: Let him have it; the name suits our purposes far more than that useless pile of rubble. The Lord of Harrenhal will make a worthy suitor for the widow Arryn.
Littlefinger: For which I am extremely grateful to you, my lord. Lady Arryn and I have known each other since we were children; she has always been...positively predisposed towards me.
Grand Maester Pycelle: A successful courtship would make Lord Baelish Acting Lord of the Vale.
Littlefinger: Titles do seem to breed titles.
Tywin Lannister: You'll leave for the Eyrie as soon as possible and bring Lysa Arryn into the fold, then the Young Wolf can add his own aunt to the list of people who've taken up arms against him!
Tyrion Lannister: Far be it from me to hinder true love, but Lord Baelish's absence would present certain problems. The royal wedding may end up being the most expensive event in living memory. Summer had ended, hard days lie ahead, not a good time to leave the crown's finances unattended.
Tywin Lannister: Fully agreed, which is why I am naming you Master of Coin. [Cersei sniggers]
Tyrion Lannister: Master of Coin?!
Tywin Lannister: It would appear to be a position that best suits your...talents.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me about managing it!
Cersei Lannister: [sarcastic] I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge.
Grand Maester Pycelle: [also sarcastic] Hear, hear!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tyrion Lannister: A surprising place to keep the Royal Ledgers.
Petyr Baelish: I'm surprised you're surprised. This is the safest place in the city.
Tyrion Lannister: Not for bastards (Baelish glares at him momentarily)
Ros: That's all of them, m'Lord. (passes the ledgers to Podrick, smiling at him flirtatiously)
Tyrion Lannister: Thank you, my dear. Pod- (notices Podrick is staring at Ros' bosom) Pod. (Podrick turns to him) Take them outside. I'll be there in a moment.
Podrick Payne: Yes, m'Lord. (he leaves; Ros follows, smiling back at Tyrion and Petyr, who both watch her go)
Petyr Baelish: I hear you owe that boy a... significant debt.
Tyrion Lannister: Only my life- not all that significant, I'm afraid.
Petyrn Baelish: You should have him knighted.
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) Ohh, if only the Master of Coin had such power!
Petyr Baelish: If only. (pause) I owe you a significant debt. Our redheaded friend (gestures in the general direction of Ros' departure)... you secured her release when the Queen detained her.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh- that. Of course. A simple misunderstanding.
Petyr Baelish: (smiles dangerously) Apparently, Her Grace believed the two of you had some sort of...special relationship.
Tyrion Lannister: We don't. (pause) I did fuck her, once.
Petyr Baelish: I know.
Tyrion Lannister: (confused) But- we dont.
Petyr Baelish: (chuckles) I know- but how would the Queen get that idea?
Tyrion Lannister: (smirks) Why don't you ask her? (he heads towards the door, followed by Baelish) Any advice for me, on my new position?
Petyr Baelish:...Keep a low profile?
Tyrion Lannister: If I had a golden dragon for every time I've heard that stupid joke, I'd be richer than you are.
Petyr Baelish: Well, you are richer than I am.
Tyrion Lannister:(nods) Good point.
Petyr Baelish: They're only numbers- numbers on paper. Once you understand them, it's easy to make them behave. Trivial, even. You want a real challenge? (pulls the door open a crack, letting in the sounds of prostitutes giggling.) Try whores.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles) I've tried quite a few. Well, lots of work to do. (cryptically) Enjoy the Eyrie.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Melisandre is preparing to depart Dragonstone]
Stannis Baratheon: You refuse to tell me where you're going?
Melisandre: I don't know yet. The fires will show me.
Stannis Baratheon: How long will you be gone?
Melisandre: [exasperated] I don't know! [Stannis grabs her]
Stannis Baratheon: You're abandoning me!
Melisandre: I will never abandon you. You are the Son of Fire; I am sworn to serve you!
Stannis Baratheon: Then serve me now.
Melisandre: When I return you will understand.
Stannis Baratheon: My enemies think they've destroyed me. They're laughing at me, the way Renly laughed at me. I want Joffrey dead. I want Robb Stark dead. Make me another 'son'.
Melisandre: I cannot.
Stannis Baratheon: Why?!
Melisandre: You don't have the strength. It would kill you.
Stannis Baratheon: I'm not so easily killed; men have been trying for years. I want you.
Melisandre: Your fires burn low, my king. [Stannis turns to leave] There is another way, a better way.
Stannis Baratheon: You told me your magic requires a king's blood.
Melisandre: Yes.
Stannis Baratheon: I am the one true king!
Melisandre: You are. But there are others with your blood in their veins. You will sit on the Iron Throne, but first there must be sacrifices. The Lord of Light demands it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Catelyn Stark: (staring out the window of Riverrun) A person could almost be forgiven, for forgetting we're at war.
Brynden Tully: ...It often comforts me to remember, that even in war's darkest days, in most places in the world there's nothing going on.
Catelyn Stark: (glances at him, smiles) I've missed you, Uncle. Father missed you, too- from the day you left- maybe he never said it in so many words-
Brynden Tully: Maybe? Your father was a stubborn old ox. I was surprised when he died- didn't think death had the patience.
Catelyn Stark:...I'm glad you were with him. I wish to the Gods that I had been. (pause) Did you make peace, in the end?
Brynden Tully: (awkwardly) After thirty years of fighting, I... I think he'd forgotten what started it! He asked me to stop calling myself "Blackfish". Said it was an old joke, and it was never funny to begin with. (chuckles) I told him, "People have been calling me 'Blackfish' for so long, I don't remember my real name!"
Catelyn Stark: (smiles, looks out the window) Every time he left for the Capitol, or to fight in a campaign, I'd see him off. "Wait for me, Little Cat" he'd say, "Wait for me- and I'll come back to you." (starts to tear up) And I would sit at this window every day when the sun came up, waiting. (starts to cry) I wonder- how many times did Bran and Rickon stare across the moors of Winterfell, waiting for me to return?! (sobbing) I will never see them again! (Brynden sits across from her and hugs her)
Brynden Tully: You musn't think it. We don't know it- they could be in hiding- (Catelyn gives him a look, and he stops) Robb believes they're alive. And, he must go on believing. (looks her in the eye) He's got to remain strong if he's going to prevail, and you must remain strong for him. (Catelyn pulls herself together)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[In Astapor]
Barristan Selmy: Leave this place, Your Grace. Leave tonight, I beg you.
Jorah Mormont: And what is she to do for soldiers?
Barristan Selmy: We can find sellswords in Pentos and Myr.
Jorah Mormont: Is it we already, Ser Barristan? If you want to sit on the throne your ancestors built, you must win it. That will mean blood on your hands before the thing is done.
Daenerys Targaryen: The blood of my enemies, not the blood of innocents.
Jorah Mormont: How many wars have you fought in, Ser Baristan?
Barristan Selmy: Three.
Jorah Mormont: Have you ever seen a war in which innocents didn't die by the thousands? [Barristan remains silent, but shakes his head] I was in King's Landing after the sack, Khaleesi. You know what I saw? Butchery. Babies, children, old men, more women raped than you can count. There's a beast in every man, and it stirs when you put a sword in his hand...but the Unsullied are not men. They do not rape, they do not put cities to the sword unless they're ordered to do so. If you buy them, the only men they'll kill are those you want dead. [Barristan scoffs]
Daenerys Targaryen: You disagree, Ser Barristan?
Barristan Selmy: When your brother Rhaegar led his army into battle at the Trident, men died for him because they believed in him, because they loved him, not because they'd been bought at a slaver's auction. I fought beside the last dragon on that day, your Grace. I bled beside him.
Jorah Mormont: Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly...and Rhaegar died.
Daenerys Targaryen: Did you know him well, Ser Barristan?
Barristan Selmy: I did, your Grace. The finest man I ever met.
Daenerys Targaryen: I wish I had known him...but he was not the last dragon.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Missandei: (translating for Kraznys Mo Nakloz) All? Did this one's ears mishear Your Grace?
Daenerys Targaryen: They did not. I want to buy them all.
Missandei: (to Kraznys and the other Masters, in Valyrian) She wants to buy them all.
Kraznys Mo Nakloz: (scoffs, in Valyrian) She can't afford them. The slut thinks she can flash her tits and make us give her whatever she wants.
Missandei: There are eight thousand Unsullied in Astapor. Is this what you mean by "all"?
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes. Eight thousand- and the ones still in training, as well. (Missandei translates for Kraznys)
Greizhen mo Ullhor:(to Kraznys, in Valyrian) If they fall on the battlefield, they will shame Astapor!
Missandei: Master Greizhen says, they cannot sell half-trained boys. If they fail upon the battlefield, they will bring shame upon all of Astapor.
Daenerys Targaryen: I will have them all, or take none. Many will fall in battle; I'll need the boys to pick up the swords they drop. (Missandei translates to Kraznys)
Kraznys Mo Nakloz: (in Valyrian) The slut cannot pay for all of this. Her ship will buy her 100 Unsullied, no more- and this, because I like the curve of her ass. (snickers with the other Masters) What is left will buy her 10. I will give her 20 if she stops her ignorant whimpering. Her Dothraki smell of shit- but may be useful as pig feed. I will give her 3 for these. So, ask this beggar Queen, how she will pay for the remaining 7,877?
Missandei: Master Kraznys says you cannot afford this. Your ship will buy you one hundred Unsullied... because Master Kraznys is generous. The gold you have with you will is worth ten...but Good Master Kraznys will give you twenty. The Dothraki you have with you...The Dothraki you have are not worth what they cost to feed...but Master Kraznys will give you three Unsullied for all of them. Master Kraznys asks how you propose to pay for the remaining... seven thousand, eight hundred and seventy-seven Unsullied?
Daenerys Targaryen:...I have dragons. (Ser Barristan and Ser Jorah both look shocked) I'll give you one. (Missandei translates to Kraznys, who immediately looks interested; he goes into a discussion with the other slave Masters)
Barristan Selmy: (steps forward) You will win the Throne with dragons, not slaves, Your Grace!
Jorah Mormont:(steps forward) Khaleesi, please- (he sees the look on her face and backs off)
Kraznys Mo Nakloz:(finishes his discussion and turns to Daenerys as she steps forward) Three dragons-
Daenerys Targaryen: One.
Kraznys Mo Nakloz: Two-
Daenerys Targaryen: One. (Kraznys stares at her, then goes into discussion with his fellow slave-masters; finally, he replies in Valyrian)
Missandei: They want the biggest one.
Daenerys Targaryen: Done.
Kraznys Mo Nakloz: Done!
Daenerys Targaryen: (glances at Missandei)...I'll take you, as well- now. You'll be Master Kraznys' gift to me- a token of a bargain well-struck.
Missandei: (to Kraznys in Valyrian)...She asks that you give me to her, as a present. She asks that you do this now. (Kraznys locks eyes with Dany)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi, a dragon is worth more than any army!
Barristan Selmy: Aegon Targaryen proved that!
Daenerys Targaryen: (turns to face them, irritated) You're both here to advise me. I value your advice, but if you ever question me in front of strangers again, you'll be advising someone else. Is that understood? (she walks on with Missandei) Do you have a name?
Missandei: This one's name is Missandei, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: Do you have a family- a mother and a father you'd return to, if you had the choice?
Missandei: No, Your Grace- no family living.
Daenerys Targaryen: You belong to me, now- it is your duty to tell me the truth.
Missandei:...Yes, Your Grace. Lying is a great offense- many of those on the Walk of Punishment were taken there for less.
Daenerys Targaryen: I offered water to one of the slaves dying on the Walk of Punishment. Do you know what he said to me? "Let me die."
Missandei:...There are no Masters in the grave, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: Is it true what Master Kraznys told me about the Unsullied? About their obedience?
Missandei: All questions have been taken from them. They obey- that is all. Once they are yours, they are yours. They will fall on their swords, if you command it.
Daenerys Targaryen:...And what about you. You know that I'm taking you to war. You may go hungry, you may fall sick... you may be killed.
Missandei:... Valar Morghulis.
Daenerys Targaryen:...Yes. "All men must die"... but we are not men. (Missandei smiles)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Tyrion is going through Littlefinger's books of commerce]
Tyrion Lannister: For years, I've heard Littlefinger is a magician. Whenever the Crown needs money, he rubs his hands together and poof! Mountains of gold.
Bronn: Let me guess; he's not a magician?
Tyrion Lannister: No.
Bronn: He's stealing it?
Tyrion Lannister: Worse; he's borrowing it.
Bronn: What's wrong with that?
Tyrion Lannister: We can't afford to pay it back, that's what wrong with it! The crown owes millions to my father.
Bronn: Seeing as it's his grandson's arse on the throne, I imagine he'll forgive that.
Tyrion Lannister: Forgive a debt? My father? For a man of the world, you're strangely naive.
Bronn: I've never borrowed money before. I'm not clear on the rules.
Tyrion Lannister: Well...the basic principle is 'I lend you money, and after an agreed upon period of time, you return it...with interest'.
Bronn: And what if I don't?
Tyrion Lannister: Well, you have to.
Bronn:(sits down across from Tyrion) But what if I don't?
Tyrion Lannister: (rolls his eyes) ...This is why I don't lend you money. Anyway, it's not my father I'm worried about. It's the Iron Bank of Braavos. We owe them tens of millions. If we fail to repay these loans, the Bank will fund our enemies. One way or another, they always get their gold back. (Pod enters, having been given three prostitutes by Tyrion as a reward for saving him at the Blackwater) Ah- the return of the conquering hero! Does he have a little jaunt in his step?
Bronn: The lad's practically skipping. (Pod smiles bashfully)
Tyrion Lannister: (smiling) You've been gone a long time, Podrick. I trust you got your money's worth? Or, should I say, my money's worth? (Podrick sets a pouch of gold on the table- the money Tyrion gave him for the prostitutes) Oh, it was a gift, Podrick! This is more than I give you in a year!
Bronn: He's your squire- you don't pay him.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh- then it's much more than I give you in a year!
Podrick Payne:...They wouldn't take it, m'Lord. (Tyrion looks very confused)
Bronn: (shrugs at Tyrion) Maybe they're trying to curry some favor with the new Master of Coin-
Tyrion Lannister: Have you ever known a whore to turn down gold? (Bronn opens his mouth, then shuts it, thinking) They were happy enough to take it when I gave it to them.
Bronn: (looks up at Pod)...What did you tell 'em?
Podrick Payne:...I didn't tell them anything.
Tyrion Lannister: What did you do to them?!
Podrick Payne: (shrugs)...Lots of things.
Tyrion Lannister: And... they seemed to like these things?
Podrick Payne: (nods vigorously) Yes, m'Lord.
Bronn: Of course they seemed to like it- they're paid to seem to like it-
Tyrion Lannister: (jingles the full bag of gold) Only they weren't paid.
Bronn:..What're you saying? These ladies enjoyed him so much, they gave him the time for free? (stares incredulously up at Pod)
Tyrion Lannister: (looks up at Pod) Is that what you're telling us? (Pod shrugs at them bashfully, smiling; amazed, Tyrion tosses the money bag aside and goes to fetch wine) Sit down, Podrick. (Bronn pushes him into a chair, Tyrion pours them wine) We're going to need details- copious details.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Locke: (holding a knife to Jaime's face) You think you're the smartest man there is. Everyone alive has to bow to lick and scrape your boots.
Jaime: My father-
Locke: You get in any trouble, all you got to do is say "My father" and that's it. All your troubles are gone. (Jaime grumbles) Have you got something to say? (presses the knife to Jaime's eye) You don't want to say the wrong thing. You're nothing without your daddy, and your daddy ain't here. (takes the knife away) Never forget that. (rises) Here, this should help you remember! (bring's the blade down, slicing Jaime's hand off, and Jaime screams in horror and agony)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Arya, Gendry and the Hound are brought to a secret hideout of the Brotherhood Without Banners]
Gendry:...What is this place?
Thoros of Myr: Somewhere neither wolves nor lions can prowl.(Anguy leads a bound Sandor Clegane into the cave, then pulls his hood off)
Sandor Clegane: (stares around the cave at the outlaws and smirks) You look like a bunch of swineherds.
Anguy: Some of us were swineherds- and some of us tanners, and masons. That was before-
Sandor Clegane: (sneers) You're still swineherds and tanners and masons. You think carrying a crooked spear makes you a soldier?
Beric Dondarrion: No... fighting in a war makes you a soldier. (the outlaws part to reveal him)
Sandor Clegane: (stares at Dondarrion's scarred face and eyepatch)...Beric Dondarrion. you've seen better days-
Beric Dondarrion: (smiles, comes forward) And I won't see them again.
Sandor Clegane: (stares around the cave, shakes his head scornfully) Stark deserters, Baratheon deserters- you lot aren't fighting a war, you're running from it!
Beric Dondarrion: Last I heard, you were King Joffrey's guard dog- but here you are, a thousand miles from home. (pause) Which of us is running?
Sandor Clegane: Untie these ropes, and we'll find out. What're you doing, leading a mob of peasants?
Beric Dondarrion: Ned Stark ordered me to execute your brother, in King Robert's name. (Arya glances at him)
Sandor Clegane: Ned Stark is dead. King Robert is dead. My brother's alive. (spits) You're fighting for ghosts.
Beric Dondarrion: (smiles) That's what we are- ghosts. Waiting for you in the dark. You can't see us- but we see you, no matter whose cloak you wear. Lannister, Stark, Baratheon- you prey on the weak, and the Brotherhood Without Banners will hunt you down.
Sandor Clegane: You found God- is that it?
Beric Dondarrion: (fervently) Aye- I've been reborn in the light of the one true God. (Thoros nods) As have we all. As would any man whose seen the things we've seen.
Sandor Clegane: (disgusted) If you mean to murder me, then bloody well get on with it!
Thoros of Myr: You'll die soon enough, dog- but it won't be murder, only justice.
Anguy: (angrily) And the kind of fate that you deserve! Lions, you call yourselves- at the Mummer's Ford, girls of seven years were raped, and babes still at the breast were cut in two while their mothers watched-
Sandor Clegane: (sneering) I wasn't at the Mummer's Ford! Dump your dead children at some other door!
Thoros of Myr: House Clegane was built on dead children! I saw them lay Prince Aegon and Princess Raenys before the Iron Throne.
Sandor Clegane: (contemptuously) Do you take me for my brother? Is being born Clegane a crime?!
Anguy: Murder is a crime-
Sandor Clegane: (furious) I never touched the Targaryen babes! I never saw them- never smelled them, never heard them bawling! (Dondarrion watches him) You want to cut my throat- GET ON WITH IT! But don't call me murderer, and pretend that you're not!
Arya Stark: (angrily) You murdered Mycah, the butcher's boy. (everyone turns to look at her) My friend. He was twelve years old. He was unarmed. And you rode him down. You slung him over your horse like he was some deer. (Dondarrion steps towards her)
Sandor Clegane: Aye, he was a bleeder.
Beric Dondarrion: (turns to look at him)...You don't deny killing this boy?
Sandor Clegane: I was Joffrey's sworn shield. The boy attacked the Prince-
Arya Stark: That's a lie! I hit Joffrey! Mycah just ran away!
Sandor Clegane: Then I should have killed you! Not my place to question Princes!
Beric Dondarrion: (looks back and forth between the Hound and Arya)...You stand accused of murder, but no one hear knows the truth of the charge. So, it is not for us to judge you- only the Lord of Light may do that, now. (pause) I sentence you to trial by combat.
Sandor Clegane: (turns around, looking at each of the outlaws) ...So, who will it be? (looks at Thoros) Should we find out if your fire-god really loves you, priest? (turns to Anguy) Or you, archer- or are you worse with a sword in your hand? (Anguy suddenly looks frightened, Sandor turns around, smirking) Or is the little girl the bravest one here?
Beric Dondarrion: (glances at Arya)...Aye, she might be. But it's me you'll fight.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Tyrion walks into a room to find Varys unloading a very large crate]:
Varys: Oh- Lord Tyrion! Come in, come in...
Tyrion Lannister: I hoped we might speak... in confidence.
Varys: Oh, always in confidence. (smiles, begins prising loose various parts of the crate lid with a crowbar.)
Tyrion Lannister: About the events of the Blackwater. (Varys continues his work on the crate)... Perhaps this is the wrong time?
Varys: (oddly cheerful) Oh, no, it's a wonderful time!
Tyrion Lannister: I thought one of your little birds might have... knowledge of my sister's intentions to-
Varys: End your life? (pauses, looks at Tyrion, who nods)
Tyrion Lannister:... I didn't inherit Littlefinger's spies along with his position, I'm afraid. Which is why I'm coming to you. I need proof.
Varys: (scoffs, chuckles) Proof? Will there be a trial (continues working on the crate lid)
Tyrion Lannister: I need to know. (Varys looks up at him in exasperation)
Varys: I have no proof... only whispers. (Tyrion sighs in disappointment) Before all this...nastiness, I was going to tell you the story of how I was cut. Do you want to hear it still?
Tyrion: I don't know. Do I?
Varys: (pauses) As a boy, in Myr, I traveled with a troupe of actors through the Free Cities. One day, a man approached my master with an offer too tempting to refuse. I feared the man meant to use me, as I'd heard some men use small boys- but what he wanted was far worse. He gave me a potion that made me powerless to move or speak, yet did nothing to dull my senses. With a hooked blade, he sliced me, root and stem, chanting all the while. He burned my parts on a brazier; the flames burned blue, and I heard a voice... answer his call. (pause, stares at Tyrion with a fearful expression) I still dream of that night. Not of the sorcerer, not of his blade...I dream of the voice. Was it a god? A demon? Some conjurer's trick? I don't know- but the sorcerer called... and a voice answered. (vengefully) And ever since that day, I have hated magic, and all who practice it. (Tyrion nods impatiently) But, you can see why I was eager to aide in your fight against Stannis and his Red Priestess- a symbolic revenge, of sorts. (smiles, continues working on the crate lid)
Tyrion Lannister: Yes- I feel the need for actual revenge. Against the actual person who tried to have me killed, which will require a certain degree of... influence which-
Varys: (gestures at him with the crowbar) You do not possess- at the moment. (Tyrion smiles weakly, Varys sets down the crowbar and walks around the crate) But- influence is largely a matter of... patience, I find. (goes to a mirror and washes his hands) Once I had served the sorcerer's purpose, he threw me out of his house, to die. I resolved to live, to spite him. (Tyrion frowns thoughtfully, Varys washes his face and puts on his jeweled rings) I begged, I sold what parts of my body remained to me- I became an excellent thief. And soon, learned that the contents of a man's letters are more valuable than the contents of his purse. Step by step... One distasteful task after another, I made my way from the slums of Myr... to the Small Council Chamber. (Turns to look at Tyrion) Influence grows, like a weed. I tended mine, patiently,(walks back to the crate) until its' tendrils reached from the Red Keep, all the way across to the far side of the world... where I managed to wrap them around something very special. (pulls the crate lid open; Tyrion looks inside with him to find a ragged old man, bound and gagged)
Tyrion Lannister: (shocked)...The sorcerer. (The old man whimpers through the gag)
Varys: (menacingly) Hello, my old friend... It's been a long time. (to Tyrion) I have no doubt, the revenge you want will be yours in time... if you have the stomach for it. (closes the crate on the sorcerer, who is screaming through the gag)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Cersei sits in front of her father, who is busy writing a letter to someone and does not look up at her for some time]
Tywin Lannister: ...You wanted to speak to me?
Cersei Lannister: Yes- about Jaime.
Tywin Lannister: What about him?
Cersei Lannister: I wanted to make sure we're doing whatever we can to get him back.
Tywin Lannister:...When Catelyn Stark took Tyrion prisoner, what did I do in response? (dries the ink on the letter and folds it up)
Cersei Lannister: You started a war.
Tywin Lannister: (pours sealing wax on the letter) And, if I started a war for that lecherous little stump, what do you think I am doing for my eldest son, and heir?
Cersei Lannister: Whatever you can.
Tywin Lannister: Whatever I can. (puts a seal on the letter, pushes it aside, and starts working on another letter) You're still here.
Cersei Lannister: (quietly) Yes.
Tywin Lannister: Why?
Cersei Lannister: (resentfully) Did it ever occur to you that I might be the one who deserves your confidence and your trust- not your sons? Not Jaime or Tyrion, but me? Years and years of lectures on family and legacy (laughs mockingly) The same lecture, really- just with tiny, tedious variations. Did it ever occur to you that your daughter might be the only one listening to them, living by them- tht she might have the most to contribute to your legacy that you love so much more than your actual children? (pause as Tywin finishes his letter)
Tywin Lannister: All right. Contribute. (leans back with an expectant look, Cersei's confidence suddenly falters)
Cersei Lannister: The Tyrells are a problem.
Tywin Lannister: (gives her an incredulous look) The Tyrells helped us defeat Stannis Baratheon. The Tyrells helped save your life, and your children's lives.
Cersei Lannister: Margaery has her claws into Joffrey. She knows how to manipulate him-
Tywin Lannister: (stares directly at her) Good. I wish you knew how to manipulate him. (pause) I don't distrust you because you're a woman. I distrust you because you're not as smart as you think you are. You've allowed that boy to ride roughshod over you, and everyone else in this city. (goes back to his letters, Cersei glares at him resentfully)
Cersei Lannister: Perhaps you should try stopping him from doing what he likes.
Tywin Lannister: (pauses, gives her a cold, direct look) I will.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Daenerys has just sold one of her dragons, Drogon, for an army of 8000 Unsullied]
Daenerys Targaryen: Is it done then? They belong to me?
Missandei: [after translating] It is done. You hold the whip.
Master Kraznys: [attempting to rein Drogon in] The bitch has her army.
[Daenerys turns to face the Unsullied. Kraznys does not notice what happens next, as he is too busy with Drogon]
Daenerys Targaryen: [In Valyrian] Unsullied! Forward march! [they do so] Halt! [They stop]
Master Kraznys: Tell the bitch her beast won't come.
Daenerys Targaryen: [turns to face him, still in Valyrian] A dragon is not a slave.
Master Kraznys: [astonished] You speak Valyrian!?
Daenerys Targaryen: [coldly] I am Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, of the blood of Old Valyria. Valyrian is my mother tongue. [ Missandei smiles, Dany turns to the Unsullied] Unsullied! Slay the masters, slay the soldiers, slay every man who holds a whip, but harm no child. Strike the chains of every slave you see!
[the Unsullied begin slaughtering the Astapori slavers]
Master Kraznys: (in Valyrian, panicking) I am your master. Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!
Daenerys Targaryen: [with a cold smile] Dracarys.
[Drogon breathes fire, burning Krasnyz to death]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Olenna Tyrell: (to her granddaughters, as she sees Varys approaching) Look, little loves- a spider in the garden! Run along now- grow strong! (chuckles as Varys reaches her and the girls leave)
Varys: (bows and smiles at her) My lady, I wanted to personally welcome you to King's Landing; the city has been made brighter by your presence-
Olenna Tyrell: "The city is made brighter by my presence?" (chuckles) Is that your usual line, Lord Varys? (Varys' smile slips a notch) Are you here to seduce me?
Varys: A little obvious, perhaps-
Olenna Tyrell: Oh, please, seduce away! It's been so long (sighs, glances at Vary's crotch)... though I rather think it's all for naught. What happens when the nonexistent bumps against the decrepit? (Varys follows her gaze and then looks quickly back at her, uncomfortable) A question for the philosophers. (Varys nods) But you've come mincing all this way for something, so?...
Varys: Might I sit?
Olenna Tyrell: No. Come, I've heard you're such a clever man- I'm curious why you sought me out.
Varys: You've taken an interest in Sansa Stark.
Olenna Tyrell: Have I? Because I spoke to her once in this garden, and one of your little spies came running to tell you? (Varys smiles) Why shouldn't I take an interest? She's an interesting girl.
Varys: Is she?
Olenna Tyrell: No, not particularly- but she's had an interesting childhood.
Varys: She has, sadly. (pause, pretends to leave) Well, forgive me for wasting your time, then- I thought we shared certain hopes for her well-being.
Olenna Tyrell: (chuckles) Come, come- you surrender rather easily! (gets up and takes Varys' arm) Walk with me- I know the walls have ears, but apparently the shrubbery does, too. (they walk through the gardens)
Varys: I choose my allies carefully- and my enemies, more carefully still.
Olenna Tyrell: Which one is Sansa Stark?
Varys: Neither. A babe lost in the woods. I admired her father.
Olenna Tyrell: Yes, Ned Stark had many admirers- and how many of them stepped forward when the executioner came for his head?
Varys: I could not help Lord Stark- perhaps I can help his daughter.
Olenna Tyrell: How?
Varys: (looks uneasy) You're not the only one who's taken an interest in her.
Olenna Tyrell: (scoffs) That's hardly surprising- she's a beautiful girl with a famous name.
Varys: Indeed. She'd make a lovely match for the right suitor.
Olenna Tyrell: It almost feels as though you're about to arrive at your point. (they stop walking)
Varys: Littlefinger is not long for the Capitol. A confindant of mine has told me that when he goes, Sansa Stark goes with him.
Olenna Tyrell: And why have you come to me with this matter?
Varys: (pause) Littlefinger was born with no lands, no wealth, no armies. He has acquired the first two- how long before he has the army? (sees her smile) Perhaps you'll laugh, but I know him better than most- and this is the truth: Littlefinger is one of the most dangerous men in Westeros. If Robb Stark falls, Sansa Stark is the key to the North-
Olenna Tyrell: And if Littlefinger marries her, he'll have the key in his pocket.
Varys: Which seems such a shame- why should a man with such a low reputation steal away such a lovely bride?
Olenna Tyrell: (chuckles) You must despise him- you're working so hard to undermine him.
Varys: (thoughtfully) Actually, I rather enjoy him ...but he would see this whole country burn if he could be King of the ashes.
Olenna Tyrell:...You are a clever man, Lord Varys.
Varys: (bows) You are too kind. I believe I have a possible solution.
Olenna Tyrell: One doesn't have to be clever for that- it's all rather obvious, isn't it? (they keep walking)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[After the funeral, Lord Commander Mormont is sitting at the main hall and checking a map in his journal, while Craster continues to eat and berate the men of the Night's Watch.]
Craster: You have one son, don't you, Mormont? I had my 99th. You ever meet a man with 99 sons?
[Mormont shakes his head indifferently.]
Craster: And more daughters than I can count.
Jeor Mormont: [dryly] I'm glad for you.
[The other Night Watch's members enter the hall, shivering of the cold weather.]
Craster: Are you now? Me, I'll be glad when you and yours have gone.
Jeor Mormont: As soon as our wounded are strong enough.
Craster: [sneers] Ah. They're as strong as they're gonna get. Them that's dying, why don't you cut their throats and be done with it? Or leave them if you've not the stomach, and I'll sort them myself.
[Craster eats. Mormont looks at him with disgust.]
Karl: Whose throat you gonna cut, old man?
Jeor Mormont: Wait outside.
Karl: It's cold outside and there's nothing to eat.
Craster: My wives gave you bread.
Karl: There's sawdust in the bread.
Craster: You don't like it, you go out there and eat the snow.
Karl: [steps forward threateningly] I'd rather eat what you've got hidden away.
Jeor Mormont: [stands] I told you to wait outside.
Rast: [angrily] He's sitting there, drinking our wine, eating his fill while we die!
[Craster stands up angrily, throwing the food on the floor.]
Craster: I gave you crows enough. I've got to feed my women!
Rast: So you admit you've got a hidden larder, then? How else'd you make it through winter?
Jeor Mormont: [raises his voice] Enough! Out!
[Mormont grabs Rast roughly.]
Craster: [slams his chest] I am a godly man!
Rast: You're a stingy bastard!
Craster: [enraged] Bastard? [Craster takes an axe off the wall.] Out with you, you little thief. [To Karl] And you! [To Eddison Tollett] And you! [Craster looks threateningly at everyone.] Go sleep in the cold on empty bellies. I'll chop the hands off the next man who calls me bastard.
[A long moment of tension. No one moves. At last Craster lowers his axe. Mormont grabs Rast to lead him out the doorway.]
Karl: [to Craster] You are a bastard.
[Craster turns to face Karl.]
Karl: A daughter-fucking, wildling bastard.
[Craster snarls in rage and charges at Karl, waving his axe, but Karl is faster. He draws a dagger and shoves it through Craster's jaw. Craster rasps in agony, blood fills his mouth. Karl lets go of Craster, who falls on the ground, straining to breath. Karl strikes one of Craster's wives.]
Jeor Mormont: The gods will curse us for this! By all the laws...
Karl: There are no laws beyond the Wall!
[Karl grabs the woman he struck and puts his dagger at her throat.]
Karl: Now show us where he hides the food, or you'll get the same as he did!
Jeor Mormont: [draws his sword] Unhand her!
[Karl lets go of the woman and faces Mormont with his dagger]
Jeor Mormont: I shall have your head for this...
[Rast stabs Mormont in the back. Mormont gasps and drops his sword. For a moment the men stare in shock, then Grenn yells in rage and charges at Karl, tackling him. A bloody brawl breaks out between the mutineers and the ones who remain loyal to Mormont. Craster lies on the ground unmoving, dead. Mormont turns around to face Rast, grabs him by the throat, lifts him off his feet, then spins him around and hurls him against the opposite wall. Sam does not take part in the fighting, but instead rushes outside to find Gilly. Mormont nearly manages to choke Rast to death, but then the wound he sustained takes its toll. Blood pours from Mormont's mouth. He lets go of Rast and sinks to the ground. Rast recovers, grabs a knife and stabs Mormont repeatedly in the chest until he is dead. Meanwhile, Sam enters the hut where Gilly is with her baby. Gilly helplessly watches the brawl through a crack in the wall.]
Samwell Tarly: Quickly. Quickly.
Gilly: What's happening? I'm not going out there.
Samwell Tarly: No, we have to go. Now!
[The baby cries. Gilly picks him. They go outside.]
Gilly: Follow me. I know the best way. Come on.
[As the brawl continues, Sam and Gilly escape with her baby. No one takes notice of them except Rast. He comes outside and shouts after Sam.]
Rast: Run fast, Piggy, and sleep well! I'll be cutting your throat one of these nights.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Robb Stark: It took five of you to murder two unarmed squires?
Rickard Karstark: Not murder, Your Grace. Vengeance.
Robb Stark: Vengeance? Those boys didn't kill your sons. I saw Harrion die on the battlefield, and Torrhen-
Rickard Karstark: Was strangled by the Kingslayer. They were his kin.
Robb Stark: [furious] THEY WERE BOYS! Look at them.
Rickard Karstark: Tell your mother to look at them. She killed them as much as I. (Catelyn looks down, ashamed)
Robb Stark: My mother had nothing to do with this. This was your treason.
Rickard Karstark: It's treason to free your enemies! In war, you kill your enemies! Did your father not teach you that, boy?!
[Brynden Tully punches Karstark in the face]
Robb Stark: Leave him.
Rickard Karstark: Aye. Leave me to the king. He wants to give me a scolding before he sets me free. That's how he deals with treason. Our King in the North. Or should I call him the King Who Lost the North?
Robb Stark: Escort Lord Karstark to the dungeon. Hang the rest.
Karstark soldier: Mercy, sire! I didn't kill anyone, I only watched for the guards.
Robb Stark: This one was only the watcher. Hang him last so he can watch the others die.
Karstark soldier: Please! Please don't, they made me do it! They made me! They made me...!
(The prisoners are dragged out; Robb sits at his desk. His uncle Edmure Tully, and his wife Talisa approach him)
Edmure Tully: Word of this can't leave Riverrun. They were Tywin Lannister's nephews; the Lannisters pay their debts - they never stop talking about that.
Robb Stark: Would you make me a liar as well as a murderer?
Edmure Tully: It wouldn't be lying. We'll bury them and remain silent until the war is done.
Robb Stark: I'm not fighting for justice if I don't serve justice to murderers in my ranks, no matter how high-born! (Catelyn stands up) He has to die.
Catelyn Stark: The Karstarks are Northmen. They won't forgive the killing of their Lord--
Talisa Maegyr: Your mother's right. If you do this, the Karstarks will abandon you.
Robb Stark: (stares at her) You tended to their wounds, you brought them supper. Now they're dead.
Talisa Maegyr: And more boys will keep dying until this war is over! You need Karstark men to end it!
Catelyn Stark: Spare his life, keep him as a hostage.
Edmure Tully: (nods) A hostage. Tell the Karstarks that as long as they remain loyal, he will not be harmed. (Robb ponders their words)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Rickard Karstark: The blood of the First Men flows in my veins as much as yours, boy. I fought the Mad King for your father. I fought Joffrey for you. We are kin, Stark and Karstark.
Robb Stark: That didn't stop you from betraying me, and it won't save you now.
Rickard Karstark: (sneers) I don't want it to save me. I want it to haunt you to the end of your days!
Robb Stark: Kneel, my Lord. (Lord Karstark kneels across a stone hedgerow) Rickard Karstark, Lord of Karhold, here in sight of Gods and men, I sentence you to die. Would you speak a final word?
Rickard Karstark: Kill me and be cursed! You are no King of mine! (Robb beheads Lord Karstark with a single blow)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Robb surveys his map, which displays the Stark forces nearly encircled by the Greyjoy and Tyrell/Lannister forces; his wife Talisa enters]
Talisa Maegyr: Come to bed.
Robb Stark: You were right- the Karstarks are gone. (throws aside the Karstark marker angrily) Almost half our forces. Tywin Lannister knows what he needs to do, to make us unravel: nothing. (Talisa approaches him) Only wait.
Talisa Maegyr: Don't let him.
Robb Stark: (smiles ruefully at her) What can I do? Attack King's Landing? There's nothing he'd like better. He'd crush us in a day.
Talisa Maegyr: You could ride North- take your lands back from the Greyjoys. Wait out the winter.
Robb Stark: Winter could last five years. Once my bannermen are home again- sitting by the fire, surrounded by their families, warm and safe- they'll never ride south again. (pause, angrily) When I gathered my Lords together, we had a purpose, a mission. Now, we're like a band of bickering children! (pause)
Talisa Maegyr: Give them a new purpose.
Robb: What?
Talisa Maegyr: I don't know. (squeezes his arm, looks at the map) I don't even know where Winterfell is.
Robb Stark: (smiles) Here. (takes her hand and indicates Winterfell) We are here. (indicates Riverrun) King's Landing is here. (indicates the capitol; as Talisa turns to kiss him he pauses, realizing something)
Talisa Maegyr: What is it?
Robb Stark: (pause) I can't force them to meet us in the field, and I can't attack them where they're strongest- but I can attack them where they're not. (moves his Stark markers towards Casterly Rock) And Casterly Rock can't run away. (removes the one Lannister marker on Casterly Rock, with relish) I'm going to take their home away from them.
Talisa Maegyr: (smiles) Can you do it?
Robb Stark: I need men, to replace the Karstarks who marched home. There is only one person in this Kingdom with that kind of army who hasn't already sided with the Lannisters. (smiles grimly) The man whose daughter I was supposed to marry: Walder Frey.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Ser Jorah Mormont and Ser Barristan Selmy reminisce about their past battles, as the Unsullied march alongside them)
Jorah Mormont: It was a bitch of a siege. (Referring to the Siege of Pyke in the Greyjoy Rebellion)
Barristan Selmy: Mmm- you were first through the breach at Pyke.
Jorah Mormont: The second. Thoros of Myr went in alone, waving that flaming sword of his-
Barristan Selmy: (chuckles) Thoros of Myr! Bloody madman! Robert knighted you, after the battle.
Jorah Mormont: Proudest moment of my life. One knee in the dust, the King's sword on my shoulder, listening to the words "In the name of the Warrior, I charge you to be brave"... All I could think about was how badly I had to piss. (Ser Barristan laughs) In full plate armor for sixteen hours- never occurred to me 'till the battle was nearly over. I was very nearly the first man knighted to piss on the King's boots!
Barristan Selmy: (chuckles) Robert would have laughed, if you had. He was a good man, a great warrior, and a terrible King. I've worked away my years, fighting for terrible Kings.
Jorah Mormont: You swore an oath.
Barristan Selmy: Yes, and a man of honor keeps his vows, even if he's serving a drunk or a lunatic. Just once in my life, before it's over, I want to know what it's like to serve with pride. To fight for someone I believe in. (nods towards Daenerys, who is dismounting alongside Missandei) Do you believe in her?
Jorah Mormont: (follows Ser Barristan's gaze) With all my heart.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Daenerys Targaryen: These are the ones?
Missandei: Yes, Khaleesi- the officers. (a small formation of Unsullied march forward and halt before Daenerys)
Daenerys Targaryen: (speaking Valyrian) You did not choose this life. But you are free men now, and free men make their own choices. Have you selected a leader from within your ranks? (the Unsullied split their formation to reveal their leader, Grey Worm) Remove your helmet. (he sticks his spear in the ground, removes his helmet, and marches to Daenerys)
Grey Worm: (also speaking Valyrian) This one has the honor.
Daenerys Targaryen: What is your name?
Grey Worm: Grey Worm.
Daenerys Targaryen: (surprised) "Grey Worm"? (turns to Missandei)
Missandei: (in Common Tongue, sadly) All Unsullied boys are given new names when they are cut- Grey Worm, Red Flea, Black Rat- names that remind them what they are. Vermin. (Daenerys stares at Grey Worm and his officers, filled with pity and rage)
Daenerys Targaryen: (to Grey Worm and the officers)...From this day forward, you will choose your own names. You will tell your fellow soldiers to do the same. Throw away your slave name. Choose the name your parents gave you, or any other. A name that gives you pride.
Grey Worm: ..."Grey Worm" gives me pride. It is a lucky name. The name this one was born with was cursed. That was the name he had when he was taken as a slave. But, "Grey Worm" is the name this one had, the day Daenerys Stormborn set him free. (Daenerys stares at him, moved by his loyalty)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jorah Mormont: King Robert wanted her dead.
Barristan Selmy: Of course he wanted her dead. She's a Targaryen- the last Targaryen.
Jorah Mormont: (glances carefully at Ser Barristan, trying to gauge how much he knew about Jorah's previous spying) I suppose no one on the Small Council could speak sense to him?
Barristan Selmy: I didn't sit on the Small Council.
Jorah Mormont: No? Doesn't the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard traditionally-
Barristan Selmy: (dryly) Traditionally, yes- but I killed a dozen of Robert's friends, during his rebellion. He didn't want advice on how to govern from a man who'd fought for the Mad King. (they remount and ride on) Can't say I minded, much- I always hated the policies.
Jorah Mormont: I imagine I would, too- always spent jabbering about backstabbings and betrayals the world over?
Barristan Selmy: Mm-hm. (Jorah glances away, content Ser Barristan doesn't know about his past)
Jorah Mormont: Still, she'll have to wade through that muck, if she wants to rule the Seven Kingdoms.
Barristan Selmy: She'll have good men around her to advise her- men with experience. (Jorah looks at him sharply)
Jorah Mormont: Which men did you have in mind?
Barristan Selmy: Well, forgive me, Ser Jorah, for what I'm about to say, but... your reputation in Westeros has suffered over the years.
Jorah Mormont: (nods, conceding the point) It's suffered for a reason- I sold men into slavery.
Barristan Selmy: I don't know if your presence by her side will help our cause, when we go home-
Jorah Mormont: (scoffs) "Our" cause? Forgive me, Ser Barristan, but I was busy defending the Khaleesi against King Robert's assassins while you were still bowing to the man!
Barristan Selmy: (they both stop their horses) We both want her to rule- am I wrong?
Jorah Mormont: You only joined us a few weeks ago. I can't speak for your true intentions.
Barristan Selmy: (impatiently) If we are truly her loyal servants, we will do what needs to be done- no matter the cost, no matter our pride-
Jorah Mormont: You're not Lord Commander here. You're just another exile- and I take my orders from the Queen. (rides past Ser Barristan)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jaime Lannister: [steps into a bath with Brienne] If I faint, pull me out. I don't intend to be the first Lannister to die in a bathtub.
Brienne of Tarth: Why should I care how you die?
Jaime Lannister: You swore a solemn vow, remember? You're supposed to get me to King's Landing in one piece. [nods to his severed hand] Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him- [Brienne rises from the bath in anger] That was unworthy. Forgive me. You protected me better than most-
Brienne of Tarth: Don't you mock me.
Jaime Lannister: I'm apologizing. I'm sick of fighting. Let's call a truce.
Brienne of Tarth: [sinks back into the bath] You need trust to have a truce.
Jaime Lannister: I trust you. [sees Brienne staring] There it is. There's the look. I've seen it for 17 years on face after face. You all despise me. Kingslayer. Oathbreaker. A man without honor. You've heard of wildfire?
Brienne of Tarth: Of course.
Jaime Lannister: The Mad King was obsessed with it. He loved to watch people burn, the way their skin blackened and blistered and melted off their bones. He burned lords he didn't like. He burned Hands who disobeyed him. He burned anyone who was against him. Before long, half the country was against him. Aerys saw traitors everywhere. So he had his pyromancer place caches of wildfire all over the city. beneath the Sept of Baelor and the slums of Flea Bottom. Under houses, stables, taverns. Even beneath the Red Keep itself. Finally, the day of reckoning came. Robert Baratheon marched on the capital after his victory at the Trident. But my father arrived first with the whole Lannister army at his back, promising to defend the city against the rebels. I knew my father better than that. He's never been one to pick the losing side. I told the Mad King as much. I urged him to surrender peacefully. But the king didn't listen to me. He didn't listen to Varys who tried to warn him. But he did listen to Grand Maester Pycelle, that grey, sunken cunt. "You can trust the Lannisters," he said. "The Lannisters have always been true friends of the crown." So we opened the gates and my father sacked the city. Once again, I came to the king, begging him to surrender. He told me to... bring him my father's head. Then he... turned to his pyromancer. "Burn them all," he said. "Burn them in their homes. Burn them in their beds." Tell me, if your precious Renly commanded you to kill your own father and stand by while thousands of men, women, and children burned alive, would you have done it? Would you have kept your oath then? [Brienne stares at him in stunned silence] First, I killed the pyromancer. And then when the king turned to flee, I drove my sword into his back. "Burn them all," he kept saying. "Burn them all." I don't think he expected to die. He- he meant to... burn with the rest of us and rise again, reborn as a dragon to turn his enemies to ash. I slit his throat to make sure that didn't happen. That's where Ned Stark found me.
Brienne of Tarth: If this is true... why didn't you tell anyone? Why didn't you tell Lord Stark?
Jaime Lannister: Stark? You think the honorable Ned Stark wanted to hear my side? He judged me guilty the moment he set eyes on me. By what right does the wolf judge the lion? By what right!? [collapses, Brienne supports him]
Brienne of Tarth: Help! Help! The Kingslayer!
Jaime Lannister: Jaime. My name is Jaime.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tormund Giantsbane: Orrel says there are Crows patrolling on the Wall- tell him what you know. (watches Jon)
Jon Snow: (nods, looks away) There are four to a patrol- two Builders to check for structural damage, two Rangers to watch for enemies.
Orell: How often do these patrols go out?
Jon Snow:...It varies. If I knew where on the Wall we were heading, I could tell you-
Orell: (sneers) You'd like to know that. (Jon glares at him) There are nineteen castles guarding the Wall. How many are manned?
Jon Snow: Three.
Orell: You sure of that? (Jon nods) Which three?
Jon Snow: Castle Black-
Orell: Aye, Castle Black- everyone knows Castle Black. Which others?
Jon Snow:...Eastwatch-by-the-Sea... and the Shadow Tower.
Tormund Giantsbane: How many men remain in Castle Black?
Jon Snow: A thousand-
Orell: Liar. (angrily, Jon drops the firewood he's carrying and steps towards Orell, his hand on Longclaw)
Jon Snow: (sneering) What happens to your eagle after I kill you?! Does he drift away, like a kite with the strings cut- or does he just flop dead to the ground? (Ygritte steps towards them)
Ygritte: (to Orell) He's no Crow.
Orell: Just 'cause you want him inside of you don't make him one of us.
Ygritte: (draws her dagger and holds it against Orell's chest) I'm not afraid of you. (Orell starts advancing on her angrily, but Tormund grabs him and throws him to the ground)
Tormund Giantsbane: (steps towards Jon)...I like you, boy. But, if you lie to me, I'll pull your guts out through your throat.
Jon Snow: ...A thousand men. (he and Tormund stare each other down as Orell gets up)
Tormund Giantsbane: ...We'll find out soon enough.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tywin Lannister: You're late.
Tyrion Lannister: (glares at Cersei) What's she doing here?
Tywin Lannister: Our business concerns her as well. Sit. (Tyrion sits across from Cersei)
Tyrion Lannister: You'll be pleased to learn that after one conversation with Olenna Tyrell, I've saved the Crown hundreds of thousands on this wedding.
Tywin Lannister: Never mind that now- we have something important to discuss.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm Master of Coin- saving money is important. (glares at Cersei, who is smiling mischievously at him) Stop that. It's making me uncomfortable.
Tywin Lannister: Your sister has learned that your new friends the Tyrells are plotting to marry Sansa Stark to Sir Loras.
Tyrion Lannister: Very well. She's a lovely girl. Missing some of Loras' favorite bits, but I'm sure they'll make do.
Tywin Lannister: Your jokes are not appreciated.
Tyrion Lannister: It wasn't my best, but--
Tywin Lannister: I bring them into the royal fold and this is how they repay me, by trying to steal the key to the North out from under me.
Tyrion Lannister: Sansa is the key to the North? I seem to remember she has an older brother.
Tywin Lannister: The Karstarks have marched home. The Young Wolf has lost half his army. His days are numbered. Theon Greyjoy murdered both his brothers. That makes Sansa Stark the heir to Winterfell. And I am not about to hand her over to the Tyrells.
Tyrion Lannister: The Tyrell army is helping us to win this war. Do you really think it's wise to refuse them?
Tywin Lannister: There's nothing to refuse. This is a plot. Plots are not public knowledge. And the Tyrells won't carry this one out until after Joffrey's wedding. We need to act first and kill this union in its crib.
Tyrion Lannister: And how do we do that?
Tywin Lannister: We find Sansa Stark a different husband.
Tyrion Lannister: Wonderful.
Cersei Lannister: [smiling] Yes, it is.
Tyrion Lannister: [after a long silence] You can't mean it.
Tywin Lannister: I can and I do.
Tyrion Lannister: Joffrey has made this poor girl's life miserable since the day he took her father's head. Now she's finally free of him and you give her to me? That's cruel even for you.
Tywin Lannister: Do you intend on mistreating her? The girl's happiness is not my concern, nor should it be yours.
Tyrion Lannister: She's a child!
Cersei Lannister: She's flowered, I assure you. She and I have discussed it at length.
Tywin Lannister: There, you see? You will wed her, bed her, and put a child in her. Surely you're capable of that.
Tyrion Lannister: And if I refuse?
Tywin Lannister: You wanted to be rewarded for your valor in battle. Sansa Stark is a finer reward than you could ever dare hope for. And it is past time you were wed.
Tyrion Lannister: [furious ] I was wed.(Tywin glares at him) Or don't you remember?
Tywin Lannister: (gritting his teeth with rage) Only too well.
Cersei Lannister: You should be thanking the gods for this. This is more than you deserve.
Tywin Lannister: Tyrion will do as he's bid. As will you.
Cersei Lannister: What do you mean?
Tywin Lannister: You'll marry Ser Loras.
Cersei Lannister: I will not.
Tywin Lannister: The boy is heir to Highgarden. Tyrion will secure the North, you will secure the Reach.
Cersei Lannnister: No, I won't do it.
Tywin Lannister: Yes, you will. You're still fertile. You need to marry again and breed.
Cersei Lannister: [furious] I am Queen Regent, not some broodmare!
Tywin Lannister: [shouting] YOU'RE MY DAUGHTER! You will do as I command and you will marry Loras Tyrell and put an end to the disgusting rumors about you once and for all.
Cersei Lannnister: Father, don't make me do it again, please.
Tywin Lannister: Not another word. [rises from his seat] My children. You've disgraced the Lannister name for far too long.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Roose Bolton: (as Brienne and Jaime dine with him) I see my men have finally found you something appropriate to wear.
Brienne of Tarth: (sarcastically) Yes- most kind of them! (next to her, Jaime is fumbling at cutting his food one-handed) You're a Stark bannerman, Lord Bolton- I'm acting on Lady Stark's orders to return Jaime Lannister to King's Landing.
Roose Bolton: When King Robb left Harrenhall, his mother was his prisoner. If she wasn't his mother, he'd have hanged her for treason. (Brienne takes pity on Jaime and helps him cut his meat; Roose smiles slightly) I should send you back to Robb Stark.
Jaime Lannister: You should- but instead, you're sitting here, watching me fail at dinner. Why might that be?
Roose Bolton: (shrugs) Wars cost money. Many people would pay a great deal for you.
Jaime Lannister: We both know who would pay the most. (pause) He'll make you pay the most, if he found out you'd captured me and sent me back up North for a summary execution.
Roose Bolton: (shrugs, raises an eyebrow) You're right- perhaps, the safest course is to kill you both and burn your bodies. (Brienne grabs a knife, Jaime puts out his hand to stop her)
Jaime Lannister: It would be- if you honestly believe my father would never find out about it.
Roose Bolton: King Robb is keeping your father quite busy- he doesn't have time for anything else.
Jaime Lannister: (smiles coldly)...He'll make time for you.
Roose Bolton:...As soon as you're well enough to travel, I will allow you to go to King's Landing- as restitution for the mistakes my soldiers made. (nods at Jaime's missing hand) And you will swear to tell your father the truth- that I had nothing to do with your maiming.
Jaime Lannister: (nods slowly, picks up a wine-jug and offers to fill Roose's cup)...Shall we drink on it?
Roose Bolton: (covers his cup with his hand) I don't partake.
Jaime Lannister: (shrugs, refills Brienne's cup and his own) You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people? Very well. (toasts Brienne) My lady- may our journey continue without further incident.
Roose Bolton: Oh, she won't be going with you. (Brienne looks up at him sharply)
Brienne of Tarth: I am charged with bringing Ser Jaime to-
Roose Bolton: You are charged with abetting treason.
Jaime Lannister: I'm afraid I must insist-
Roose Bolton: You're in no place to insist on anything. (nods at Jaime's injury) I would've hoped you'd learned your lesson about overplaying your...position.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Olenna Tyrell: Impossible
Tywin Lannister: ...Why? (pours wine)
Olenna Tyrell: My grandson is the pride of Highgarden, the most desirable bachelor in the whole Seven Kingdoms! Your daughter-
Tywin Lannister: is rich, the most beautiful woman in the whole Seven Kingdoms- (walks over and hands her a cup of wine)- and the mother of the king. (turns away)
Olenna Tyrell: Old.
Tywin Lannister: (turns around)...Old?
Olenna Tyrell: (smiles mockingly, nods) Old. I'm something of an expert on the subject. (Tywin stares at her, then moves to his desk and sits across from her) Her change will be upon her, before long. I'll spare you the details of what will happen then- you men may have a stomach for bloodshed and slaughter, but this is another matter entirely. (chuckles)
Tywin Lannister: (smiles wryly) Oh, the years punish us as well, I promise you that. (takes a drink) My stomach remains quite strong, however. The only thing that might turn it are details of your grandson's... nocturnal activities. Do you deny them?
Olenna Tyrell: Oh, not at all! A sword-swallower, through and through. (takes a drink)
Tywin Lannister: (curtly) Well, a boy with his affliction should be grateful for the opportunity to marry the most beautiful woman in the Seven Kingdoms, and remove the stain from his name. (takes a drink)
Olenna Tyrell: Did you grow up with boy cousins, Lord Tywin? Sons of your father's bannermen, squires, stableboys?
Tywin Lannister: (confused) Of course...
Olenna Tyrell: And you... never...
Tywin Lannister: (realizes what she's getting at, turns angry) No.
Olenna Tyrell: (grins mischievously) Not once? Not in any way?
Tywin Lannister: (sharply) Never. (takes a drink)
Olenna Tyrell: I congratulate you on your restraint! But, it's a natural enough thing, two boys having a go at each other beneath the sheets.
Tywin Lannister: (contemptuously) Perhaps Highgarden has a high tolerance for unnatural behavior.
Olenna Tyrell: (smiles coldly) I wouldn't say that. True, we don't tie ourselves into knots over a discreet bit of buggery, but... brothers and sisters... where I come from, that stain would be very difficuly to wash out.
Tywin Lannister: (angrily) I will not breathe further life into a malicious lie by discussing it. (stands up, walks to the window to refill his cup)
Olenna Tyrell: Lie or not, you must admit that many people find it quite convincing. Convincing enough to put swords in their hands and send them off to kill Lannisters and Tyrells, thanks to our new affiliation.
Tywin Lannister: I don't care what people believe- and neither do you. (he moves to refill Olenna's cup, but Olenna covers it with her hand)
Olenna Tyrell: (laughs) As an authority on myself, I must disagree!
Tywin Lannister: (moves around the desk) Now, if the rumors about my children were true, then Joffrey is no King at all- and House Tyrell is throwing it's prize flower into the dirt.
Olenna Tyrell: And, if Cersei is too old to give Loras children, we are throwing another "prize flower" into the dirt. It is a chance we simply cannot take!
Tywin Lannister: (smiles coldly) The uncertainty makes you uncomfortable? All right- I'll remove it for you. (goes around the desk, sits down) If you refuse to marry Loras to Cersei, I will name him to the Kingsguard. (Olenna stares at him) And, I'm sure you're familiar with the Kingsguard's vows. He will never marry, he will never have children, the Tyrell name will fade- and Highgarden will go to the children of Joffrey and Margaery.
Olenna Tyrell: (staring at him curiously) You would have your grandson protected by someone who disgusts you?
Tywin Lannister: I would have my grandson protected by a skilled warrior- who takes his vows seriously. (dips his quill in the ink) So- shall I draw up the order- or do you consent to this match?
Olenna Tyrell: (sets her wineglass down, stands up and smiles graciously, conceding defeat) It's a rare enough thing- a man who lives up to his reputation. (plucks the quill from Tywin's fingers and snaps it in half)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tormund Giantsbane: Used to be that you couldn't find a tree within a mile of the Wall- Crows'd come out every morning, with axes.
Orrell: (to Jon, mockingly) Your flock gets smaller every year. (walks on with Tormund)
Jon Snow: (to Ygritte)...Have you ever climbed it before?
Ygritte: No- but Tormund's done it half a hundred times. (notices Jon staring up at the Wall) You're afraid.
Jon Snow: (smiles) Aren't you?
Ygritte: Aye. Well, it's a long way up, and a long way down, but... I've waited my whole life to see the world from up there. (Jon glances at her and she smiles, pulling out a set of climbing spikes) Here, sit down- brought a pair for you. They're too big for you, but they're good.
Jon Snow: You kill someone for them?
Ygritte: (smiles) Nah. I didn't kill him- but I bet his balls are still bruised. (Jon chuckles and starts tying on the climbing spikes) He wasn't good to me, the way you're good to me- and he didn't do that thing you do with your tongue.
Jon Snow: (glances around hastily) Hey, can we not talk about that here?
Ygritte: "Can we not talk about that here? I'm Jon Snow- I've killed dead men and Qhorin Halfhand, but I'm scared of naked girls!"
Jon Snow: (grins) Did I seem scared the other day?
Ygritte: (laughs) Oh, you were tremblin' like a leaf.
Jon Snow: Only in the beginning. (Ygritte looks at him and smiles)
Ygritte: (nods)...Only in the beginning. (Jon looks away from her) You're a proper lover, Jon Snow. And, don't worry- your secret's safe with me.
Jon Snow: (looks up at her) What secret?
Ygritte: (stares at him) D'you think I'm as dumb as all those girls in silk dresses you knew growing up? (Jon smiles and looks away) You're loyal, and you're brave...You didn't stop being a Crow, the day you walked into Mance Rayder's tent. (Jon pauses, she comes close to him) But I'm your woman now, Jon Snow. (Jon looks at her) You're goin' to be loyal to your woman. (she finishes tying the spikes on his boots) The Night's Watch don't care, if you live or die. Mance Rayder don't care if I live or die. We're just soldiers in their armies, and there's plenty more to carry on if we go down. (pause) But it's you and me that matters- me and you. (pause) Don't ever betray me.
Jon Snow: (turns back to her, squeezes her hand)...I won't.
Ygritte: (jokingly)...Because, I'll cut your pretty cock right off and wear it 'round me neck. ( Tormund comes back over to them and offers Jon an ice-axe, which Jon takes)
Tormund Giantsbane: (puts his hand on Jon's shoulder) Sink your metal deep- and make sure it holds, before taking your next step. (jokingly) And, if you fall, don't scream. (chuckles) You don't want that to be the last thing she remembers, eh?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Ramsay Snow blows on a trumpet, awakening Theon, who is hanging from a rack]
Ramsay: Sorry. Were you sleeping?
Theon: Wa...
Ramsay: Wa? Wa? Water! You want some water.
[Ramsay grabs a cup of water]
Ramsay: I wish I had some for you.
[Ramsay pours the water on the ground in front of an anguished Theon. Ramsay walks up to him]
Ramsay: So let's play a game. Which body part do you need the least?
Theon: Please...
Ramsay: Please is not a body part.
Theon: I'll tell you everything, please...
Ramsay: But you already told me everything, remember? Your daddy was mean to you. The Starks didn't appreciate you. One good bit, though: the Stark boys, they're still alive. Wouldn't that be a hunt to remember? You failed, but I'm a better hunter than you. Now, how about your little finger? You don't need that for much, do you? No? Good. Let's start with that.
[Ramsay begins loosening the binds on Theon's right hand]
Ramsay: You've been wondering why you're here, haven't you? Where you are, who I am, why I'm doing this to you. So guess. If you guess right, I'll tell you. By the Old Gods and the New, I swear it. You win the game if you can figure out who I am and why I'm torturing you, and I win the game if you beg me to cut off your finger!
Theon: If I win, you'll let me go?
Ramsay: If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.
Theon: Please...
Ramsay: [pulling out a knife] You say please again and you'll wish you hadn't. You first. Where are we?
Theon: The North.
Ramsay: Too vague.
Theon: Deepwood Motte.
Ramsay: Terrible guess!
[Ramsay jams the knife in Theon's little finger. Theon groans in pain]
Ramsay: Now where?
Theon: Last Hearth.
Ramsay: Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?
[Ramsay moves the blade around]
Theon: Aaaah, the Karhold!
Ramsay: Karhold? How did you know that? Did you see any banners flying when we came in?
Theon: No, it was just a guess.
Ramsay: Very good, Lord Theon. And who am I?
Theon: Torrhen Karstark.
Ramsay: He's dead. Strangled by the Kingslayer.
Ramsay: He was your brother. Your father is Lord Rickard Karstark.
[A defeated Ramsay sits back down]
Theon: You swore to tell me if I-!
Ramsay: You're right.
Theon: Lord Rickard Karstark is Robb Stark's bannerman. I betrayed Robb. That's why you're torturing me.
Ramsay: Yes. You win.
[Theon breathes a sigh of relief. Suddenly, Ramsay springs back to his feet]
Ramsay: Of course you forgot to ask one question. You forgot to ask if I'm a liar!
[Ramsay sticks his knife back into Theon's little finger, causing Theon to scream in agony]
Ramsay: I'm afraid I am.
[Ramsay begins carving Theon's skin on his little finger]
Ramsay: Everything I told you is a lie.
[Ramsay begins to peel off Theon's little finger skin. Theon screams in absolute pain]
Ramsay: This isn't happening to you for a reason. Well, one reason: I enjoy it.
Theon: PLEASE CUT IT OFF, CUT IT OFF, CUT IT OFF, AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
Ramsay: I win.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Edmure Tully: (to Robb, on Walder Frey) Why should I let that old ferret choose my bride for me? At the very least, I should be offered the same choice you were- I'm his liege-lord!
Robb Stark: He's a proud man, and we've wounded him-
Edmure Tully: I didn't wound him. (gets up, walks to the window) My answer is no. (Brynden "Blackfish" Tully gets up and approaches him aggressively)
Brynden Tully: Listen to me- and listen very carefully: You are-
Edmure Tully: The laws of Gods and men are very clear: "No man may compel another man to marry."
Brynden Tully: The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth!
Robb Stark: It's all right- you heard him. If you refuse, our alliance with the Freys is dead.
Edmure Tully: He's wanted me for one of his daughters since I was twelve! (goes over to the table) He's not gonna stop wanting me now! When I say no, he will come back and offer me a daughter of my choosing.
Catelyn Stark: You're willing to risk our freedom and our lives for a chance at a prettier wife?! (Edmure continues to look defiant)
Robb Stark: I have a war to fight! We can't win it without them- we have no time to haggle! (pause) You said you wanted to make amends for the stone-mill.
Brynden Tully: (mockingly) You recall that heroic engagement?
Edmure Tully: ...I had- something less... permanent in mind-
Robb Stark: I've won every battle. But I'm losing this war. If we don't do this, and do it now, we're lost.
Edmure Tully:...I'll marry her.
Robb Stark: (smiles gratefully) You're paying for my sins, Uncle. It's not fair, all right- I'll remember it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Littlefinger is sitting, staring at the Iron Throne]
Varys: A thousand blades. Taken from the hands of Aegon's fallen enemies, forged in the fiery breath of Balerion the Dread.
Littlefinger: There aren't a thousand blades. There aren't even two hundred. I've counted.
Varys: Heh. I'm sure you have. Ugly old thing.
Littlefinger: Yet it has a certain... appeal.
Varys: The Lysa Arryn of chairs. Shame that you had to settle for your second choice.
Littlefinger: Early days, my friend. It is flattering, really, you feeling such dread at the prospect of me getting what I want.
Varys: Thwarting you has never been my primary ambition, I promise you... although who doesn't like to see their friends fail now and then.
Littlefinger: [stepping down from the dais] You're so right. For instance, when I thwarted your plan to give Sansa Stark to the Tyrells... if, I'm going to be honest, I did feel an unmistakeable sense of... enjoyment there. But your confidante, the one who fed you information about my plans, the one you swore to protect, you didn't bring her any enjoyment. And she didn't bring me any enjoyment. She was a bad investment on my part. Luckily, I have a friend who wanted to try something new. Something daring. And he was so grateful to me for providing this fresh experience.
Varys: [angrily] I did what I did for the good of the realm.
Littlefinger: The realm. Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies, a story we agreed to tell each other over and over 'till we forget that it's a lie.
Varys: But what do we have left once we abandon the lie? Chaos. A gaping pit waiting to swallow us all.
Littlefinger: Chaos... isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail and never get to try again. The fall breaks them. And some, who are given the chance to climb, they refuse. They cling to the realm. Or the gods. Or love. Illusions. Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ygritte: How far are we?
Jon Snow: 'Bout a week, I think.
Ygritte: You think? You don't know?
Jon Snow: When we went to Castle Black, we took the Kingsroad.
Ygritte: (scoffs) You and your roads (sits down) Is that how you lot do your fighting? You march down a road, banging drums and waving banners?
Jon Snow: (smiles, sits down) Most of the time, yes.
Ygritte:...How do the men holding the banners fight?
Jon Snow: They don't, really. It's a great honor to carry a house sigil.
Ygritte: (grins) And the drummers? Is that a great honor too?
Jon Snow: Usually, it's the young boys bangin' the drums.
Ygritte: What good are they?
Jon Snow: They help the men march.
Ygritte: How?
Jon Snow: Well, it's- it's the rhythm
Ygritte: (laughing) What, you mean- right foot, left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot-(mimics marching) What, you need help remembering that? (pause) When Mance gives the signal and we hit Castle Black, we won't be banging on drums to let 'em know we're coming. (gets up)
Jon Snow: (stands) No. No, you're just gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen- to let them know you're coming.
Ygritte:...You know nothing, Jon Snow. (she walks on)
Orrell: She's right- you don't. (walks up behind Jon, who turns towards him angrily)
Jon Snow: (coldly) I know you cut me loose on the Wall.
Orrell: Cut her loose, too. Do you see her sulking about it? That's because she understands the way things are.
Jon Snow: (steps closer, mockingly)...And are you gonna share it with me? The deep wisdom you found inside the head of a bird?
Orrell:...People work together, when it suits 'em. They're loyal when it suits 'em. They love each other when it suits 'em- and they kill each other, when it suits 'em. (pause) She knows that, you don't- which is why you'll never hold onto her. (walks on)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Missandei: Now comes the noble Razdal mo Eraz of that ancient and honorable house, master of men and speaker to savages, to offer terms of peace. [to Razdal] Noble lord, you are in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains, and Mother of Dragons.
Daenerys Targaryen: [to Razdal] You may approach. Sit.
Missandei: Will the noble lord take refreshment? (Razdahl nods and takes an offered cup of wine)
Razdal: Ancient and glorious is Yunkai. Our empire was old before dragons stirred in old Valyria. Many an army has broken against our walls. You shall find no easy conquest here, khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Good. My Unsullied need practice. I was told to blood them early.
Razdal: [nods] If blood is your desire, blood shall flow. But why? 'Tis true you have committed savageries in Astapor. But the Yunkai are a forgiving and generous people. The Wise Masters of Yunkai have sent a gift for the silver queen. [slaves bring in two chests of gold] There is far more than this awaiting you on the deck of your ship.
Daenerys Targaryen: My ship?
Razdal: Yes, khaleesi. As I said, we are a generous people. You shall have as many ships as you require.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what do you ask in return?
Razdal: All we ask is that you make use of these ships. Sail them back to Westeros where you belong and leave us to conduct our affairs in peace.
Daenerys Targaryen: I have a gift for you as well. Your life.
Razdal: My life?
Daenerys Targaryen: And the lives of your Wise Masters. But I also want something in return. You will release every slave in Yunkai. Every man, woman, and child shall be given as much food, clothing, and property as they can carry as payment for their years of servitude. Reject this gift, and I shall show you no mercy.
Razdal: You are mad. We are not Astapor or Qarth. We are Yunkai and we have powerful friends. Friends who would take great pleasure in destroying you. Those who survive, we shall enslave once more. Perhaps we'll make a slave of you as well. [One of Daenerys' dragons screeches] You swore me safe conduct.
Daenerys Targaryen: I did, but my dragons made no promises. And you threatened their mother.
Razdal: [to his slaves] Take the gold.
[Daenerys' dragons screech and the slaves back away]
Daenerys Targaryen: My gold. You gave it to me, remember? And I shall put it to good use. You'd be wise to do the same with my gift to you. Now get out. [Razdal leaves]
Barristan Selmy: The Yunkish are a proud people. They will not bend.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what happens to things that don't bend?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Osha: (stares mistrustfully at Jojen, who is talking with Bran as she, Meera and Hodor make camp) What's he goin' on about? And how come he always gets to sit and chat, while we do all the work?
Hodor: (stares at her for a moment)...Hodor. (Osha walks over towards Jojen, Bran and Meera)
Jojen Reed: That's where we are-
Osha: (sharply) What are you tellin' him?
Brandon Stark: It's all right, Osha-
Osha: It's not all right. You think I can't hear you every day? Filling his head with black magic? Talking about visions and three-eyed ravens and worse?
Meera Reed: (rolls her eyes) Leave him alone.
Osha: (glares at her) He can speak for himself. ('looks at Jojen)
Jojen Reed:...I don't fill his head with anything.
Osha: So what d'you talk about?
Jojen Reed: What's happening to him, and...what that means.
Osha: Go on, then. Tell us what it means.
Jojen Reed: It's not like that. I wish that I could tell him all the answers; it would be much easier.
Osha: (points at Bran) I don't want you talking to him anymore- until we get to your brother at Castle Black. (turns away)
Jojen Reed: We're not going to Castle Black-
Osha: (whirls around) What did you say?
Jojen Reed: I told you already- Jon Snow isn't there. Bran needs to find the Raven, beyond the Wall-
Osha: (comes back towards them, furious) Oh, no- I'm not going back there! Your brother is at Castle Black- that's where we're going! (kneels in front of Bran) Look at me. (Bran does)
Brandon Stark:...The raven's been coming to me, ever since I fell from that tower. (Osha sighs) He wants me to find him. I don't have my legs anymore! This is what I have, now.
Osha: (puts her hand on his arm) You have a family. You need to go back to Castle Black, so you can get back to them- where you belong-
Brandon Stark: What if I belong in the North? What if...I fell from that tower for a reason?
Osha: (glares at Jojen) Is that what he's telling you? That it's all for a reason? All these bad things happened, because the Gods got big plans for you? I wish it were true, little Lord, but the Gods wouldn't spare a raven's cold shit for you, or me, or anyone.
Brandon Stark: You don't understand- you don't know-
Osha: (stands up angrily) You don't know! None of you know- none of you have been up there! (her voice begins to break) I had a man, once- a good man. Bruni, his name was. I was his, and he was mine. But one night, Bruni disappears. People said he left me, but I knew him- he'd never leave me. Not for long. I knew he'd come back- and he did. He came in through the back of the hut. (sits down) Only, he wasn't Bruni- not really. His skin was... pale, like a dead man's- his eyes, bluer than clear sky. (the others stare at her) He came at me, grabbed me by the neck, and squeezed so hard I could feel the life slipping out of me. I don't know how I got the knife, but when I did, I stuck it deep into his heart. (pause) And he hardly seemed to notice. I had to burn our hut down, with him inside. (pause) I didn't ask the Gods what it meant. I didn't need to. It meant the North was no place for men to be- not anymore. (stands up) I promised your Maester I'd get you to Castle Black- and no further.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Tywin enters the Throne Room flanked by four of the Kingsguard, where Joffrey sits on the Iron Throne waiting for him. Halfway across the room, Tywin stops; the Kingsguard leave the room, and Tywin continues towards the dais unescorted]
Tywin Lannister: (stops at the base of the steps leading to the Iron Throne, bows his head slightly) Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: Grandfather.
Tywin Lannister: You wanted to speak to me?
Joffrey Baratheon: Yes! I'd like a report on the meetings of my Small Council.
Tywin Lannister: You're welcome to attend the meetings of your Small Council, Your Grace- any or all of them.
Joffrey Baratheon: (lamely) I've been very busy- many important matters require a King's attention!
Tywin Lannister:...Of course.
Joffrey Baratheon:...You've been holding the Small Council meetings in the Tower of the Hand, instead of the Small Council Chamber.
Tywin Lannister: I have, yes.
Joffrey Baratheon: (impatient)...May I ask why?
Tywin Lannister: The Tower of the Hand is where I work. To walk from there to here would take time- time I could otherwise spend productively-
Joffrey Baratheon: So, if I wanted to attend one of my Small Council meetings, I would now have to climb all the stairs in the Tower of the Hand?! (Tywin's expression grows cold; he climbs the steps of the dais and stands menacingly in front of Joffrey, who fidgets nervously on the Iron Throne.
Tywin Lannister: (contemptuously) ...We could arrange to have you carried. (Joffrey looks away, unable to openly challenge his grandfather)
Joffrey Baratheon:...Tell me about the Targaryen girl in the East, and her dragons.
Tywin Lannister: (surprised) Where did you hear about this?
Joffrey Baratheon: Is it true?
Tywin Lannister: Apparently so.
Joffrey Baratheon: (growing impatient again) Don't you think we ought to do something about it?
Tywin Lannister: When I was Hand of the King under your father's predecessor, the skulls of all the Targaryen dragons were kept in this room- and the skull of the last of them was right here. (gestures next to the throne) It was the size of an apple.
Joffrey Baratheon: And the biggest was the size of a carriage!
Tywin Lannister: Yes- and the creature to whom it belonged died three hundred years ago! Curiosities on the far side of the world are no threat to us-
Joffrey Baratheon: But how do we know these dragons are...curiosities, and not the beasts that brought the whole world to heel?!
Tywin Lannister: Because we have been told as much by the many experts who serve the Realm- by counseling the King, on matters about which he knows nothing.
Joffrey Baratheon: But I haven't been counseled!
Tywin Lannister:...You are being counseled at this very moment.
Joffrey Baratheon: (cowed)...I should be consulted, about such things.
Tywin Lannister: From now on, I will see to it that you are appropriately consulted on important matters..whenever necessary. (starts to walk away, then turns back and bows his head somewhat mockingly) Your Grace. (smiles slightly to himself as he leaves the Throne Room)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Qyburn:(while treating the stump of Jaime's hand) The only way to understand it is to study the afflicted.
Jaime Lannister: (stares at him) You performed experiments on living men-
Qyburn: On dying men-
Jaime Lannister: Without permission.
Qyburn: My studies have given me insights that have helped me save many lives-
Jaime Lannister: Dying paupers, I assume- men with no families to complain. (angrily) You found them moaning in the poor house, had them carted back to your garret, and opened up their bellies to see what was inside.
Qyburn: (looks at him calmly) How many men have you killed, my Lord? (Jaime is caught off-guard)
Jaime Lannister: (shrugs)...I don't know.
Qyburn: Fifty? (Jaime shakes his head) One hundred? (Jaime shrugs, Qyburn nods knowingly) Countless.
Jaime Lannister:...Countless has a nice ring to it.
Qyburn: (smugly) And how many lives have you saved?
Jaime Lannister:...Half a million. (Qyburn looks up at him, shocked) The population of King's Landing.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Locke: (watching Brienne in a gladiator pit, facing a bear) Well, this is one shameful fucking performance. Stop running and fight! (Jaime appears, followed by Qyburn and a Bolton bodyguard, Steelshanks)
Jaime Lannister: (horrified and furious) A wooden sword?! (Locke glances over at him)
Locke: Thought you'd gone-
Jaime Lannister: You gave her a wooden sword! (shoves past the Bolton bannermen)
Locke: I've only got one bear.
Jaime Lannister: I'll pay her bloody ransom. Gold, sapphires, whatever you want- just get her out of there!
Locke: (sneering) All you Lords and Ladies. You still think that the only thing that matters is gold. (grabs the stump of Jaime's wrist and lifts it in front of him) Well, this makes me happier than all your gold ever could- and that (points at Brienne's predicament) makes me happier than all her sapphires. So- go buy yourself a golden hand, and fuck yourself with it! (turns away)
[In the pit, the bear rears up; Brienne jabs at it with her wooden sword. Irritated, the bear lunges and slashes her shoulder badly, breaking the sword and knocking her down. Suddenly, Jaime climbs the rail and leaps into the pit, trying to draw the bear off her]
Jaime Lannister: Get behind me.
Brienne of Tarth: I will not. (Jaime yanks her behind him anyway. The bear slowly advances on them, growling and scratching the ground aggressively. Suddenly, a crossbow bolt hits it in the shoulder, fired by Steelshanks)
Locke: (furious) The FUCK you doin' to my bear?!
Steelshanks: (reloading his crossbow hastily) Lord Bolton charged me with bringin' him back to King's Landing- alive! An' that's what I intend to do! (Jaime pulls Brienne to the side of the pit while the bear is distracted and in pain)
Jaime Lannister: Pull her up! (two of the Bolton men do so; the bear starts to advance on Jaime, who doesn't take his eyes off it)
Brienne of Tarth: Hold my legs! (the two Bolton men dangle her over the edge as she reaches out to Jaime. As he starts trying to climb one-handed, the bear charges; Jaime's bodyguard fires but misses. Jaime is left dangling just above the bear's open jaws; he finally manages to take Brienne's hand) Pull me back! (the Bolton bannermen pull them both up; other begin to boo at them. Jaime, lying on the rim of the pit, looks up to see Locke glaring down at him)
Locke:...The bitch stays. (Jaime gets up, with difficulty)
Jaime Lannister: I'm taking her to King's Landing- unless you kill me. (Locke clearly wants to do just that; several of his men draw up behind him, aggressively)
Locke: She belongs to me. Lord Bolton's orders-
Jaime Lannister: What do you think is more important to Lord Bolton? Getting his pet rat a reward- or ensuring that Tywin Lannister gets his son back alive? (Brienne stares at Locke in disgust. After a long, tense pause, Locke's men take their hands off their weapons; Locke angrily does the same)...Well, we must be on our way. (starts to go, then pauses and leans towards Locke, mockingly) Sorry about the sapphires. (he and Brienne walk away, followed by Steelshanks and Qyburn)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Barristan Selmy: Your Grace, allow me to present the Captains of the Second Sons: Mero of Braavos, Prendahl Na Ghezn, and...
Daario Naharis: (smiles at Dany and bows his head slightly) Daario Naharis.
Mero: (swaggers forward and grins contemptuously at Dany) You're the mother of Dragons? (Dany smiles back) I swear I fucked you, once, in a pleasure house in Lhys-
Jorah Mormont: (angrily) Mind your tongue.
Mero: Why? I didn't mind hers. (sits down on the sofa across from Dany and waggles his tongue at her) She licked my ass like she was born to do it. (grins at her, then gestures to Missandei) You, slave girl- bring wine.
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles, but coldly) We have no slaves here.
Mero: You'll all be slaves after the battle, unless I save you. (gestures with his chin) Take your clothes off, and come and sit on Mero's lap, and I may give you my Second Sons.
Daenerys Targaryen: Give me your Second Sons, and I may not have you gelded. (Mero scoffs as Missandei pours wine) Ser Barristan, how many men fight for the Second Sons?
Barristan Selmy: Under two thousand, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sarcastically) We have more, don't we?
Barristan Selmy: Ten thousand Unsullied.
Daenerys Targaryen: (still sarcastic) I'm only a young girl, new to the ways of war, but perhaps a seasoned Captain like yourself can explain to me how you propose to defeat us?
Daario Naharis: (smiles) I hope the old man is better with a sword than he is with a lie. (Dany looks at him) You have eight thousand Unsullied. (nods respectfully to her)
Daenerys Targaryen: (sizes Daario up) ...You're very young, to be a Captain.
Prendahl Na Ghezn: (sharply) He isn't a Captain- he's a lieutenant.
Daenerys Targaryen: (looks from Prendahl to Daario, who smiles at her) Even if your numbers are right, you must admit the odds don't favor your side.
Mero: The Second Sons have faced worse odds and won.
Jorah Mormont: (smirks) The Second Sons have faced worse odds and run. (Dany smiles at him)
Daenerys Targaryen: Or, you could fight for me.
Mero: (gestures for Missandei to refill his cup) We've taken the slavers' gold- we fight for Yunkai.
Daenerys Targaryen: I would pay you as much, and more. (Mero sniffs Missandei as she pours wine, Missande jumps back with a look of fear and disgust)
Prendahl Na Ghezn: Our contract is our bond. If we break our bond, no one will hire the Second Sons again.
Daenerys Targaryen: (eagerly) Ride with me, and you'll never need another contract. You'll have gold and castles and lordships of your choosing, when I take back the Seven Kingdoms.
Daario Naharis: You have no ships, you have no siege weapons- you have no cavalry.
Daenerys Targaryen:(looks directly at him) A fortnight ago, I had no army- a year ago, I had no dragons. (Daario smiles, impressed; Dany turns back to Mero) You have two days to decide.
Merot: (frowns for a moment, pretending to take her seriously)...Show me your cunt. I want to see if it's worth fighting for- (Jorah stiffens angrily)
Grey Worm: (harshly, in Valyrian) My Queen, shall I slice out his tongue for you? (reaches for the bronze dagger in his belt)
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles, replies in Valyrian) These men are our guests. (turns back to Mero) You seem to be enjoying my wine- perhaps you'd like a flagon to help you think it over?
Mero: Only a flagon? And what are my brothers-in-arms to drink?
Daenerys Targaryen: A barrel, then?
Mero: Good! The Titan's Bastard does not drink alone (gets up, smiles mockingly) In the Second Sons, we share everything- maybe after the battle, we'll all share you. (Dany smirks back at him, noticing Daario smiling at her as he leaves. Mero goes up to Missandei) I'll come looking for you after this is over. (slaps her rear end and leaves, Missandei, disgusted, looks up at Dany, whose smile has vanished)
Daenerys Targaryen: (coldly) Ser Barristan- if it comes to battle, kill that one first.
Barristan Selmy: Gladly, Your Grace.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Joffrey Baratheon: Congratulations, my lady.
Sansa Stark: Thank you, your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: We've done it. You've married a Lannister! Soon you will have a Lannister baby. It's a dream come true for you, isn't it? What a glorious day!
Sansa Stark: Yes, your grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: I suppose it doesn't really matter which Lannister puts the baby into you.
[Sansa is visibly unnerved]
Joffrey Baratheon: Maybe I'll pay you a visit after my uncle passes out. How'd you like that?
[Sansa doesn't answer.]
Joffrey Baratheon: You wouldn't? Well, that's all right. Ser Meryn and Ser Boris will hold you down.
[Joffrey turns to the crowd and claps his hands.]
Joffrey Baratheon: Time for the bedding ceremony!
Tyrion Lannister: There will be no bedding ceremony.
Joffrey: (leading Sansa by the hand) Where's your respect for tradition, uncle?! Come, everyone! Pick her up, and carry her to her wedding bed! Get rid of her gown, she won't be needing it any longer! (A visibly horrified Sansa crosses her arms as Joffrey points towards Tyrion.) Ladies! Attend to my uncle, he's not heavy!
Tyrion Lannister: There will be no bedding ceremony.
Joffrey Baratheon: (annoyed) There will be if I command it!
[Tyrion angrily slams his dagger into the table, startling Joffrey, and eliciting horrified silence from the wedding-goers]
Tyrion Lannister: (furious) Then you'll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock!
[Tywin, sensing danger, gets to his feet.]
Joffrey: [Shocked, and seething] What did you say?... What...Did you. SAY!?
[Tyrion glares back at him, both of them shaking with rage.]
Tywin Lannister: I believe we can dispense with the bedding ceremony, Your Grace. I'm sure Tyrion did not mean to threaten the king. (Tyrion visibly swallows his anger and grins)
Tyrion Lannister: (laughs) A bad joke, Your Grace. Made out of envy of your own royal manhood. Mine is so small, my poor wife won't even know I'm there.
Tywin Lannister: Your uncle is clearly quite drunk, Your Grace.
Tyrion Lannister: I am...guilty. (Drinks more wine.) But... (gets out of his chair, clumsily) But, it is my wedding night. My tiny junk cock and I have a job to do. (Tyrion staggers around the table, bumps into it and turns to Sansa.) Come wife. (Sansa hastily moves away from Joffrey and follows Tyrion) I vomited on a girl once. Middle of the act. Not proud of it. But I think honesty is important between a man and wife. Don't you agree? Come, I'll tell you all about it- put you in the mood.
[Tyrion and Sansa leave for their bed-chamber as the crowd looks on, mumbling over what just happened.]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Tyrion and Sansa enter their wedding bed-chamber, and after an awkward pause Tyrion- already quite drunk- makes for the bottle of wine]
Sansa Stark:...Is that wise, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: Tyrion, Sansa- my name is Tyrion. (pours himself a cup)
Sansa Stark:...Is that wise, Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles ironically) Nothing was ever wiser. (staggers over to a sofa, sits upright with difficulty, and looks at Sansa, who is looking around the room nervously) Astoundingly long...
Sansa Stark: What?
Tyrion Lannister:...Neck. You have one. (sips from his cup) How old are you, exactly?
Sansa Stark: Fourteen. (Tyrion stares at her in horror)
Tyrion Lannister:...Well, talk won't make you any older. (pause, he stands up awkwardly) My lord father has commanded me to consummate this marriage.
[Sansa pauses, clearly scared, then pours herself a cup of wine and hastily drinks it; Tyrion gloomily toasts her and drinks as well. She goes over to the bedside and begins removing her wedding dress slowly. Tyrion watches her the entire time, looking increasingly uncomfortable. Sansa finally removes the dress and is about to strip off her nightgown]
Tyrion Lannister: (shakes his head)...Stop. (Sansa turns around, looking at him in surprise and relief) I can't... I could, but I won't. (chuckles ruefully to himself)
Sansa Stark: But, your father-
Tyrion Lannister: (angrily) If my father wants someone to get fucked, I know where he can start. (shakes his head again) I won't share your bed. Not until you want me to.
Sansa Stark:...What if I never want you to?
Tyrion Lannister: (pause, then grins and raises his goblet in a mocking toast) ..."And so my Watch begins." (drains the cup, then staggers back onto the sofa and passes out)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Davos is in his cell teaching himself to read, with a book given to him by Stannis' daughter Shireen, when he hears Stannis approaching; he puts the book away]
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace! (stands up)
Stannis Baratheon: They feeding you enough?
Davos Seaworth: Two meals a day- cold for breakfast, hot for supper. I cannot complain.
Stannis Baratheon:...You don't belong in a place like this.
Davos Seaworth: Well, sad to say, but I've seen worse. (Stannis grunts and nods, looking around the cells)
Stannis Baratheon:...I'm sorry about your son. I never got the chance to tell you before. Good lad- loyal lad. (Davos nods sadly) Melisandre's returned.
Davos Seaworth: I didn't know she'd been gone.
Stannis Baratheon: Came back with a bastard boy- Robert's bastard boy.
Davos Seaworth: Why?
Stannis Baratheon: She says "power in king's blood."
Davos Seaworth: (stares at him)...She's going to kill him.
Stannis Baratheon: Sacrifice him.
Davos Seaworth: Forgive me, Your Grace, I'm not a learned man, but is there a difference between kill and sacrifice?! The boy's your nephew.
Stannis Baratheon: What of it? We're at war. Why should I spare the son of some tavern slut Robert bedded one drunken night?
Davos Seaworth: Because he has your blood in his veins. (Stannis looks directly at him, visibly uncertain)
Stannis Baratheon:...So did Renly.
Davos Seaworth:...Renly wronged you. Renly declared himself king when the throne belonged to you. He raised an army, stole your bannermen. This boy's done you no harm. He's an innocent-
Stannis Baratheon: How many boys live in Westeros? How many girls? How many men? How many women? "The darkness will devour them all", she says, "the night that never ends." Unless I triumph. (pause) I never asked for this- no more than I asked to be King. We do not choose our destiny, but we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty. (pause) What's one bastard boy against a kingdom?
Davos Seaworth:...Your Grace, why did you come to see me, today?
Stannis Baratheon: I came to free you. If you swear to never raise your hand to the Lady Melisandre again.
Davos Seaworth: (nods) ...I swear it. I can't swear never to speak against her-
Stannis Baratheon: (exasperated) You have little regard for your own life. (Davos nods)
Davos Seaworth: Quite little, Your Grace. Verging on none. (Stannis nods ruefully, pause) You could've freed me yesterday, or tomorrow... but you came to me now, before this boy is put to the knife, because... you knew I'd counsel restraint. You came to hear me say it, because you believe it yourself. (Stannis meets his gaze) You're not a man who slaughters innocents, for gain or glory. (pause, leans against the wall) When my son was five, he said to me, "I don't ever want to die." I wanted to say to him, "You won't child- you won't ever." I hated the idea of him lying awake in the dark, afraid. (pause) I think mothers and fathers made up the Gods... because they wanted their children to sleep through the night.
Stannis Baratheon:...I saw a vision in the flames. A great battle in the snow... I saw it. And you saw whatever she gave birth to. (Davos looks up at him sharply) I never believed, but- when you see the truth- when it's right there in front of you, as real as these iron bars... how can you deny her God is real?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Margaery Tyrell: [to Cersei, as they prepare for the wedding] You look radiant, your Grace.
Cersei Lannister: Radiant? Why radiant?
Margaery Tyrell: It's word that came to mind. [Cersei smiles, though falsely, and Margaery takes her arm] We're going to be sisters soon, we should be friends.
Cersei Lannister: You're a musical girl, aren't you? I imagine you have a lovely voice.
Margaery Tyrell: A better dancer, than a singer, I'm afraid.
Cersei Lannister: Ah, but you know the song, the Rains of Castamere?
Margaery Tyrell: Of course. They play it so often here at court.
Cersei Lannister: So you know the story of House Reyne of Castamere?
Margaery Tyrell: Not as well as you, I'm sure.
Cersei Lannister: House Reyne was a powerful family. Very wealthy. Second wealthiest in Westeros. Aren't the Tyrells the second wealthiest family in Westeros now? Of course, ambitious climbers don't want to stop on the second highest rung. If only you could take that final step. You'd see further than all the rest. You'd be alone with nothing but blue sky above you. So Lord Reyne built a castle, as grand as Casterly Rock. He gave his wife diamonds, larger than any my mother ever wore. And finally, one day, he rebelled against my father. Do you know where House Reyne is now?
Margaery Tyrell: Gone?
Cersei Lannister: Gone? [menacingly] A gentle word. Why not say slaughtered? Every man, woman and child, put to the sword. I remember seeing their bodies hanging high above the gates of Casterly Rock. My father let them rot up there all summer. It was a long summer. [Quoting "Rains of Castamere] And now the rains weep o'er their halls, and not a soul to hear." [Takes Margaery's hand, looks into her eyes, and speaks in a cold tone] If you ever call me "sister" again, I'll have you strangled in your sleep.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[First scene shows the location of Casterly Rock (ancestral seat of House Lannister) on a giant map of Westeros. There are several game pieces representing different House sigils located on different parts of the map. ROBB STARK and CATELYN STARK are at a campsite, within a tent lit up by candles]

CATELYN: Are you sure about this?

ROBB: No.

CATELYN: It's dangerous.

[ROBB nods in agreement]

ROBB: If we take Tywin's castle from him, the lords of Westeros will realize he's not invincible. Take his home, take his gold, take his power.

CATELYN: Why are you telling me?

[ROBB pauses then walks around CATELYN]

ROBB: You begged me not to send Theon to negotiate with his father and I ignored your advice.

[ROBB pours himself something to drink]

ROBB: Now Winterfell is burned to the ground. The North is overrun with Ironborn and Bran and Rickon are gone.

[ROBB pauses]

ROBB: So, Casterly Rock? I'm asking your advice.

[CATELYN pauses, staring at ROBB. She then looks at the map]

CATELYN: We have enough men?

[ROBB grabs a House Frey piece]

ROBB: If Walder Frey cooperates.

CATELYN: If Walder Frey cooperates.

[Close up shots of the map showing the sigils of House Stark, House Frey and House Lannister]

CATELYN: If reinforcements arrive from King's Landing, before we take the castle, we'll be caught between Tywin's army and the sea.

[ROBB moves the House Frey piece to the House Stark side of the map]

ROBB: We'll lose the war and die the way father died. Or worse.

[A flash of anger spreads across CATELYN's face]

CATELYN: Show them how it feels to lose what they love.

The next scene shows ROBB'S direwolf, Grey Wind, as he leads House Stark's army to The Twins castle, the ancestral seat of House Frey. [The scene shifts to the inside of The Twins, as a servant walks around with a plate of bread and salt in observation of the Westerosi tradition of "Guest Right". ROBB, his wife TALISA MAEGYR, his uncle EDMURE TULLY, his great uncle BRYNDEN "BLACKFISH" TULLY, CATELYN and the Stark army are in the presence of WALDER FREY and his family. ROBB takes a piece of bread, dips it into the salt and eats it while looking intently at WALDER]

WALDER: My honored guests, be welcome within my walls and at my table. I extend to you my hospitality and protection in the light of the Seven.

ROBB: We thank you for your hospitality, my lord.

[Servant stops in front of WALDER. He takes a piece of bread from the plate and eats it]

ROBB: I have come to make my apologies, my lord, and to beg your forgiveness.

WALDER: Don't beg my forgiveness, your Grace. It wasn't me you spurned, it was my girls.

[WALDER signals for his female relatives to appear before ROBB]

WALDER: One of them was supposed to be queen, now none of them are.

[As WALDER calls each relative by name, they briefly look up at ROBB]

WALDER: This is Arwyn, my daughter. My daughter Walda, my daughter Derwa, my daughter Waldra.

[WALDER pauses to chew]

WALDER: My eldest granddaughters Ginia and Neila.

[EDMURE intently watches the Frey women]

WALDER: Serra and Sarra, granddaughters, twins. You could have had either. Could have had both for all I care.

[EDMURE closes his eyes after hearing WALDER'S comments about his granddaughters]

WALDER: My granddaughter Marianne. My granddaughter Freya. My granddaughter...W-W-Wertha? Waldra? Waldina?

[WALDER guessing at his granddaughter's name. EDMURE raises his eyebrows]

MERRY: I'm Merry.

WALDER: Fine. And here's my youngest daughter Shirei, though she hasn't bled yet. Clearly you don't have the patience for all that.

[ROBB looks at the Frey women]

ROBB: My ladies. All men should keep their word, kings most of all. I was pledged to marry one of you and I broke that vow. The fault is not with you. Any man would be lucky to have any one of you. I did what I did not to slight you, but because I loved another. I know these words cannot set right the wrong I have done to you and your house. I beg your forgiveness and pledge to do all I can to make amends so the Freys of the Crossing and the Starks of Winterfell may once again be friends.

[WALDER claps to signal the dismissal of the Frey women]

WALDER: Very good.

[WALDER focuses on TALISA]

WALDER: There she is. Come closer, let me have a look at you.

[TALISA takes a couple of steps towards WALDER. WALDER moves forward in his seat and squints]

WALDER: Still can't see you. Old eyes.

[TALISA looks at ROBB who nods. Frey men look on as she takes a couple more steps towards WALDER. She bows her head]

WALDER: Love. That's what the Starks of Winterfell call it, eh? Heh. Very honorable, I call it a pretty face. Mmmm, very pretty. Prettier than this lot, that's for sure. Very shapely as well. Oh, you try to hide her under that dress. If you wanted to hide her, you shouldn't have brought her here in the first place.

[WALDER leans forward with a grin]

WALDER: I can always see what's going on beneath a dress. Been at this a long time. I bet when you take that dress off, everything stays right where it is. Doesn't drop an inch.

[WALDER grins, ROBB visibly uncomfortable]

WALDER: Your king says he betrayed me for love. I say he betrayed me for firm tits and a tight fit.

[ROBB starts to step forward before CATELYN stops him]

WALDER: And I can respect that. When I was your age, I'd have broken fifty oaths to get into that without a second thought. Well, I've enough room in the hall for you lot. We'll set up tents outside with food and ale for the rest of your men.

[ROBB visibly angry]

ROBB: Thank you, my lord.

[WALDER stands up and claps]

WALDER: Well, let's get ready. The wine will flow red and the music will play loud and we'll put this mess behind us.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Scene changes to the desert outside of the city of Yunkai on the continent of Essos. An army of Unsullied are standing guard outside of DAENERYS TARGARYEN'S tent. Inside her tent are her closest advisers: DAARIO NAHARIS, BARRISTAN SELMY, JORAH MORMONT and GREY WORM. They are looking at a map of Yunkai]

DAENERYS: Where?

[DAARIO points at a location on the map]

DAARIO: There.

[DAARIO gets closer to DAENERYS, grabs and guides her hand to the location he was referring to. JORAH watches him closely]

DAARIO: There, it's a back gate. My men use it when they visit Yunkai's bed slaves.

JORAH: Your men but not you?

DAARIO: I have no interest in slaves. A man cannot make love to property.

[DAENERYS briefly looks up at DAARIO and JORAH briefly looks at her]

DAARIO: This is where we enter the city. Very few guards, they know me. They let me inside.

BARRISTAN: We're not gonna sneak an army through a back gate.

DAARIO: I kill the guards. I take your two best men and lead them through the back streets, which I know well, and open the front gates.

[DAARIO nods at JORAH and GREY WORM. JORAH looks at GREY WORM who briefly looks back]

DAARIO: Then comes the army. Once the walls are breached, the city will fall in hours.

JORAH: Or perhaps you'll lead Grey Worm and me to the slaughter, cutting the head off our army. The masters of Yunkai will pay you your fee and you won't have to split it three ways cause you've already slaughtered your partners.

DAARIO: You have a very suspicious mind. In my experience, only dishonest people think this way.

[JORAH sighs and looks at Grey Worm]

JORAH: You command the Unsullied. What do you think?

DAENERYS: [Speaking to Grey Worm in Valyrian] Lo jention mirre n\A8\B1m\A8\A1zme \A8\A5za, iderenna qopsa verdagon issa.

GREY WORM: [In Valyrian] I trust him.

DAENERYS: [Speaking in the Common Tongue (in this case, English) again] You leave tonight.

JORAH: Very good. We'll prepare.

[DAENERYS' advisers start to leave. DAARIO grins at DAENERYS who looks back at him. BARRISTAN walks towards JORAH]

BARRISTAN: Ser Jorah. You can use an extra sword.

JORAH: You're the Queensguard, Ser Barristan. Your place is by the Queen. If we are truly her loyal servants, we'll do whatever needs to be done. No matter the cost, no matter our pride.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Scene shifts to Beyond The Wall in the North. SAMWELL TARLY, GILLY and her baby are walking south towards Castle Black]

SAMWELL: We're west of Castle Black, but the Nightfort's closest to us. It was the first castle on the Wall. The Watch abandoned it during the reign of King Jaehaerys I. Too big, impossible to maintain. Other than Castle Black itself, the Nightfort's the perfect castle for us. It's got a secret sally port, the Black Gate, as old as the Wall itself. No one's used it for centuries, most likely. It leads through the Wall right down into the Nightfort, if no one knows how to find it, which, it just so happens I do.

[GILLY stops and looks at SAMWELL in a confused manner]

GILLY: How do you know all that?

SAMWELL: I read about it in a very old book.

GILLY: You know all that from staring at marks on paper?

SAMWELL: Yes.

GILLY: You're like a wizard.

[SAMWELL smiles. Next shot, GILLY and SAMWELL gaze up at the Wall]

GILLY: Our father used to tell us that no wildling ever looked upon the Wall and lived. Here we are. Alive.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Scene changes to SANDOR "THE HOUND" CLEGANE and ARYA STARK on horseback in the Riverlands, on their way to The Twins, where THE HOUND plans on returning ARYA to her mother and brother in the hopes of receiving some reward. They see a PIG FARMER along the way who's having trouble with the wheel spokes on his cart]

THE HOUND: Remember what happens to children who run. I'm your father and I'll do the talking.

[THE HOUND hands the horse reins to ARYA and walks over to the PIG FARMER]

PIG FARMER: The roads have gone right to hell, haven't they? Cracked three spokes this morning.

THE HOUND: Need a hand?

PIG FARMER: Need about eight hands.

[THE HOUND lifts the cart up]

PIG FARMER: Got to get this salt pork to The Twins in time for the wedding.

[PIG FARMER fixes the wheel, THE HOUND sets the cart down]

PIG FARMER: Many thanks.

[THE HOUND punches the PIG FARMER in the face, knocking him to the ground. THE HOUND then unsheathes his dagger and prepares to kill him, prompting ARYA to intervene]

ARYA: Don't! Don't kill him.

THE HOUND: Dead rats don't squeak.

ARYA: You're so dangerous, aren't you? Saying scary things to little girls. Killing little boys and old people. A real hard man you are.

THE HOUND: More than anyone you know.

ARYA: You're wrong. I know a killer. A real killer.

THE HOUND: That so?

ARYA: You'd be like a kitten to him. He'd kill you with his little finger.

[THE HOUND looks at the PIG FARMER on the ground]

THE HOUND: That him?

[Confused, ARYA turns her head to look down at the PIG FARMER]

ARYA: No.

THE HOUND: Good.

[THE HOUND again tries to approach the PIG FARMER in order to kill him but ARYA again intervenes pushing him back]

ARYA: Don't kill him! Please. Please don't.

[THE HOUND pauses then sheathes his dagger]

THE HOUND: You're very kind. Someday it'll get you killed.

[PIG FARMER starts to regain consciousness. ARYA grabs a piece of wood from the cart and hits him across the face with it, knocking him out again. She then walks back to the horse as THE HOUND looks on surprised]

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Scene changes to the North, south of the wall. BRAN STARK, RICKON STARK, HODOR, JOJEN REED, MEERA REED and OSHA are walking past a windmill]

OSHA: Where are we?

BRAN: The Gift, I think. Brandon The Builder gave all this land south of the Wall to the Night\A1\AFs Watch for their sustenance and support. Maester Luwin taught me that.

JOJEN: Doesn\A1\AFt seem to be supporting anyone at the moment.

MEERA: It\A1\AFs good land and there\A1\AFs no war up here. Why leave?

BRAN: Wildlings.

[BRAN looks at OSHA who stares back at him]

BRAN: Sorry. But they come over the Wall and raid, steal, carry off women.

RICKON: Old Nan said they turn your skull into a cup and make you drink your own blood from it.

[OSHA stares at RICKON who looks back at her]

RICKON: That\A1\AFs what Old Nan said.

JOJEN: There\A1\AFs a storm coming.

BRAN: I don\A1\AFt see any.

[Thunder rumbling, everyone looks up at the sky and at the windmill]

MEERA: It\A1\AFs as good a place to shelter as any.

[They begin walking back towards the windmill. OSHA puts her hand on RICKON\A1\AFS head]

OSHA: We can drink some blood while we wait. I don\A1\AFt need much.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Scene changes showing ORELL\A1\AFS eagle circling over an old horse breeder\A1\AFs home. JON SNOW, TORMUND GIANTSBANE, ORELL, YGRITTE are hiding, waiting for ORELL\A1\AFS scouting report]

ORELL: Only one old man and eight good horses.

TORMUND: What\A1\AFs one old man doing with eight horses?

JON: He breeds them for the Watch.

YGRITTE: How\A1\AFs he keep folks from stealing them?

JON: The Watch protects him.

ORELL: Not today they don\A1\AFt. He\A1\AFs selling horses, he\A1\AFs got some gold in there.

TORMUND: And proper steel.

ORELL: Let\A1\AFs carve him up.

JON: We just take the horses and go. The old man\A1\AFs no threat.

[ORELL looks at TORMUND]

ORELL: I keep telling you.

[YGRITTE looks at JON]

YGRITTE: He\A1\AFs an old man. A spear through the heart\A1\AFs a better way to die than coughing up your last with no one but your horses to hear.

[JON looks at TORMUND]

JON: The Watch might send a few men looking for a horse thief. They\A1\AFll send a lot more to hunt down murderers.

TORMUND: I hope so. Killing crows in their castle is tough. Killing them out here in the open, that\A1\AFs what we do.

[TORMUND announces to the rest of the wildlings]

TORMUND: Spread out. Surround the hut and move in.

[The wildlings run towards the OLD MAN\A1\AFS home. JON smacks his sword, Longclaw, against a rock to alert the OLD MAN and his horses. Upon hearing his horses moving about, the OLD MAN steps outside and sees the wildlings running towards his home. He gets on one of the horses and starts riding off. YGRITTE preps her bow and arrow, aiming for the OLD MAN]

JON: Ygritte!

[JON intervenes and YGRITTE hits a tree instead]

TORMUND: Clear the barn!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Scene changes to ARYA looking at The Twins. They\A1\AFre relatively close. Meanwhile, THE HOUND eats pig feet by the cart. ARYA walks back to THE HOUND]

ARYA: No one\A1\AFs going to believe you\A1\AFre a hog farmer if you eat them all.

[THE HOUND waves a pig\A1\AFs foot at ARYA]

THE HOUND: Best part of the animal.

[THE HOUND continues to eat while ARYA gazes back at the Twins]

THE HOUND: Don\A1\AFt worry, they\A1\AFre still there.

[ARYA angrily turns back and looks at THE HOUND]

ARYA: I know they\A1\AFre still there.

THE HOUND: You check every five minutes like you\A1\AFre afraid they\A1\AFre gonna move.

ARYA: I\A1\AFm not afraid.

THE HOUND: Of course you are. You\A1\AFre almost there and you\A1\AFre afraid you won\A1\AFt make it. The closer you get, the worse the fear gets. No point in trying to hide behind that face. I know fear when I see it. Seen it a lot.

ARYA: I knew fear when I saw it in you. You\A1\AFre afraid of fire.

[THE HOUND pauses]

ARYA: When Beric\A1\AFs sword went up in flames, you looked like a scared little girl.

[ARYA moves in closer to THE HOUND]

ARYA: And I know why, too. I heard what your brother did to you. Pressed your face to the fire like you\A1\AFre a nice juicy mutton chop.

THE HOUND: That give you some ideas?

[ARYA turns her back to THE HOUND]

ARYA: Might do.

THE HOUND: Go ahead then. You might get away. Might even make it there on your own. They\A1\AFre just over the river. The closest you\A1\AFve been to family since Ilyn Payne snipped your daddy\A1\AFs neck.

[ARYA turns around and angrily stares at THE HOUND]

ARYA: Someday I\A1\AFm gonna put a sword through your eye and out the back of your skull.

[THE HOUND stares back at ARYA as she walks away to get a closer look at the Twins as thunder rumbles in the sky]

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Scene changes back to BRAN and company inside of the windmill. The storm has already begun]

BRAN: How are we going to get past the Wall? My uncle said it\A1\AFs 700 feet high.

[OSHA looks at Bran and he looks at her]

BRAN: How did you get past it?

OSHA: Got in a boat and rowed past the Bay of Seals.

BRAN: It would take us two months to get to the Bay of Seals.

OSHA: Some climb straight up the ice.

[BRAN looks at HODOR]

BRAN: Even Hodor\A1\AFs not strong enough to climb the Wall with me on his back.

[HODOR visibly scared of the thunder]

HODOR: Hodor!

JOJEN: Nineteen castles guard the Wall. Only three are still manned.

[HODOR still shaken from the thunder]

Hodor: Hodor!

JOJEN: One of those abandoned fortresses will give us a way through.

BRAN: My uncle said the gates were sealed with ice and stone when the castles were deserted.

[MEERA looks at Bran]

MEERA: Well, we\A1\AFll have to open them up again.

[MEERA gazes outside and sees the OLD MAN on horseback]

OLD MAN: [From outside] Whoa, whoa, whoa!

MEERA: There\A1\AFs a rider out there.

JOJEN: Just one?

[Thunder rumbles]

MEERA: There\A1\AFs more.

HODOR: Hodor!

[Horses neighing outside. OSHA tries to quiet down HODOR]

OSHA: It\A1\AFs just thunder, sweet giant.

HODOR: Hodor.

OLD MAN: [From outside] I yield. I yield.

JOJEN: Wildlings.

[OSHA starts turning her head then gazes outside]

OSHA: [To BRAN and RICKON] Where\A1\AFs Shaggydog and Summer?

BRAN: Hunting.

[Thunder rumbles]

HODOR: Hodor!

[HODOR stands up]

JOJEN: Shhh, quiet, Hodor.

HODOR: Hodor!

JOJEN: [To BRAN] Make him shut up. If they hear us\A1\AD

BRAN: [To Hodor] Hush, Hodor. No, no more Hodoring.

[OSHA tries to hold HODOR back but he pushes her aside and starts yelling and moving around anxiously]

HODOR: Hodor!

[HODOR continues Hodoring]

BRAN: Hodor, calm down.

OSHA: You need to keep quiet.

JOJEN: They\A1\AFre gonna hear us.

[HODOR continues Hodoring. ORELL hears voices coming out of the windmill. He stops and looks up]

BRAN: Hodor, be quiet.

[HODOR continues Hodoring]

BRAN: Hodor, calm down. Hodor, be quiet!

[BRAN\A1\AFS eyes roll back as he wargs into HODOR. HODOR stops making noises as he falls to his knees and then falls asleep on the ground. ORELL is still looking up at the windmill from the outside. Inside of the windmill, everybody is in shock at what just happened]

MEERA: [To BRAN] What did you do?

Bran: Nothing. I don\A1\AFt know.

[The sound of a horse is heard from outside. OSHA gets near the windmill opening]

RICKON: What\A1\AFs That?

OSHA: That\A1\AFs a horse dying.

[Scene shifts to the wildlings who are outside of the windmill with the OLD MAN. ORELL is still looking up at the windmill]

WILDLING 1: Bring them over here.

WILDLING 2: That was the last of them. The rest are dead.

ORELL: [To TORMUND] I heard shouting up there.

TORMUND: Thunder.

ORELL: I know the difference between shouting and thunder.

TORMUND: Maybe it's ghosts.

[ORELL\A1\AFs eagle is seen circling over the windmill. TORMUND approaches the OLD MAN who is sitting on the ground. He pulls a knife out on TORMUND, YGRITTE gets her bow and arrow out and aims for the OLD MAN]

TORMUND: That won\A1\AFt help you, grandpa.

[TORMUND sticks his hand out, asking for the knife. The OLD MAN gives it to TORMUND, who tosses it aside]

TORMUND: Where you riding?

OLD MAN: Doesn\A1\AFt matter now, does it?

TORMUND: No, it doesn\A1\AFt matter now.

ORELL: Cut his throat or he\A1\AFll tell the crows we\A1\AFre here.

[TORMUND unsheathes his sword]

TORMUND: You understand.

OLD MAN: Let me stand at least.

[BRAN and RICKON\A1\AFS direwolves, Shaggydog and Summer, are seen hiding behind a cart, outside of the windmill]

OLD MAN: Let me go with a bit of dignity.

[TORMUND helps the OLD MAN get up. He then gets in position for the kill]

Orell: [Looks at JON] Make the crow kill him. [Walks towards JON] You\A1\AFre one of us now. Prove it.

[YGRITTE, TORMUND and the OLD MAN stare back at JON. The scene changes to back inside of the windmill]

Jojen: [Looks at BRAN] The wolves are out there.

BRAN: I can\A1\AFt do it by choice. I don\A1\AFt know how. It happens in my dreams.

JOJEN: You\A1\AFre a warg, Bran. It\A1\AFs in your blood.

BRAN: I can\A1\AFt.

JOJEN: You just did, with him.

[JOJEN looks at HODOR who is still resting]

JOJEN: A wolf is nothing compared to that.

[Scene switches back to outside of the windmill. JON unsheathes Longclaw. He places his sword against the OLD MAN\A1\AFS neck]

OLD MAN: She looks sharp.

[JON nods his head. The OLD MAN closes his eyes and starts praying, JON hesitates]

YGRITTE: [Looks at Jon] Do it. Do it.

[JON looks back at YGRITTE]

ORELL: Told ya. He\A1\AFs still one of them.

TORMUND: Go on, boy.

[JON glares back at TORMUND]

TORMUND: Go on!

[JON raises his sword but hesitates. YGRITTE shoots the OLD MAN in the chest with an arrow, killing him. This prompts ORELL and TORMUND to reach for their swords]

ORELL: He\A1\AFs a crow. He\A1\AFll always be a crow. And here\A1\AFs his crow wife guarding him. He\A1\AFll stab us in the back first chance he gets.

[JON and YGRITTE are standing side by side in defensive positions]

TORMUND: Kill him!

[YGRITTE prepares to shoot an arrow at either ORELL or TORMUND but JON pushes her to the ground first. JON, ORELL and the other wildlings have a sword fight while TORMUND runs towards YGRITTE. She starts yelling and screaming as TORMUND tries to restrain her]

Tormund: He\A1\AFs one of them!

YGRITTE: No!

TORMUND: Do you hear me?

[YGRITTE bites TORMUND\A1\AFS arm which causes him to lose his grip on her. She starts running away but TORMUND grabs her and tackles her to the ground]

TORMUND: You\A1\AFre not gonna die for one of them.

[Scene switches back to inside of the windmill. Everybody is looking at BRAN]

JOJEN: Do it. They\A1\AFll find us if you don\A1\AFt.

[BRAN\A1\AFS eyes roll back as he wargs into Summer. Scene goes back outside to JON fighting the wildlings. Suddenly, the direwolves start attacking the wildlings. JON continues fighting ORELL until he impales him with Longclaw]

JON: You were right the whole time.

[JON twists his sword as ORELL wargs into his eagle right before dying. The eagle attacks JON, biting and scratching his face. JON tosses the eagle aside and makes a run for one of the OLD MAN\A1\AFS horses. He starts riding away as TORMUND and YGRITTE look on]

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The scene changes to Yunkai. DAARIO, JORAH and GREY WORM are outside of the back gate]

DAARIO: When you hear a songbird\A1\AFs whistle, you come. I\A1\AFm a great whistler, the greatest in the land.

[DAARIO approaches the back gate, a guard yells at him in Valyrian]

DAARIO: Daario Naharis.

[The guard lets DAARIO in as JORAH and GREY WORM wait. In the distance, DAARIO whistles. JORAH and GREY WORM go through the back gate and into Yunkai. They see two dead guards and DAARIO sitting down]

DAARIO: That one was quick.

[DAARIO wiping blood off his arakh, a Dothraki blade]

JORAH: There may be others.

DAARIO: I doubt it. The Yunkish prefer to let their slaves do their fighting for them.

[Suddenly, they\A1\AFre surrounded by Yunkai guards. A brief fight ensues. DAARIO throws a knife by JORAH\A1\AFS head, killing a Yunkai guard who was behind him. The trio defeat the first wave of guards]

JORAH: [Addressing DAARIO] That\A1\AFs what you call a few guards?

[DAARIO smiles at JORAH as more Yunkish guards appear, surrounding the trio]

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The scene changes to right outside of The Twins, where the Stark army are set up in tents and passing the time with some wrestling. It then switches to inside of The Twins, at the wedding ceremony of EDMURE and WALDER\A1\AFS daughter, ROSLIN FREY. WALDER walks the bride to the altar, her face is covered with a veil. EDMURE is standing at the altar, looking worried, as ROBB and his family are looking on. ROBB turns his head back towards WALDER and ROSLIN, while ROOSE BOLTON stares at ROBB. As WALDER approaches, he trades glances with ROBB. When WALDER and ROSLIN finally reach the altar, he removes her veil. EDMURE'S fear of an ugly bride are put to rest when he finally sees how beautiful ROSLIN is.ROSLIN gets down on her knees in front of EDMURE]

ROSLIN: Lord Edmure, I hope I\A1\AFm not a disappointment to you.

[EDMURE helps ROSLIN up]

EDMURE: You\A1\AFre a delight to me, my lady.

[ROSLIN smiles]

SEPTON: You may now cloak the bride and bring her under your protection.

[EDMURE removes his cloak as he goes behind ROSLIN to drape it over her shoulders. ROSLIN and ROBB trade glances.ROBB then looks at WALDER who gives him a strange look before grinning. EDMURE finishes putting the cloak on ROSLIN, then looks at CATELYN who smiles at him. He walks back to ROSLIN\A1\AFS side and the SEPTON ties EDMURE and ROSLIN'S hands together]

SEPTON: In the sight of the Seven, I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one for eternity. Look upon each other and say the words.

[EDMURE and ROSLIN turn to each other]

EDMURE & ROSLIN: Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger. I am hers (I am his) and she is mine (he is mine) from this day until the end of my days.

[BLACKFISH looks at the ugly Frey women who smile back at him. He quickly turns around]

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Scene changes to inside of the windmill. It\A1\AFs nighttime. OSHA lights a candle]

MEERA: Is that safe?

OSHA: They\A1\AFre long gone.

BRAN: [Looks at JOJEN] You were right. I can get inside Summer\A1\AFs mind whenever I want.

JOJEN: Of course you can. North of the Wall there are wildlings who can control all sorts of animals. But you did a lot more than that. You got inside Hodor\A1\AFs mind.

[Shot of HODOR still resting]

BRAN: They can\A1\AFt do that north of the Wall?

JOJEN: No one can do that. Anywhere.

BRAN: [Looks at RICKON] When I was looking through Summer\A1\AFs eyes, I saw Jon.

RICKON: Where?

BRAN: He was with the wildlings. They tried to kill him but he got away.

OSHA: He\A1\AFll be heading back to Castle Black then. That\A1\AFs where we should go.

BRAN: For all we know, Castle Black\A1\AFs already under attack. If this many wildlings got through-

OSHA: I already told you. I\A1\AFm not going north of the Wall.

BRAN: Everything Jojen told me is true. You saw what I did to Hodor. I have to find the three-eyed raven.

[OSHA grabs BRAN by the hand]

OSHA: Listen to me, little lord.

BRAN: Don\A1\AFt worry, I\A1\AFm not asking you to come with me. It won\A1\AFt be safe for Rickon.

RICKON: [Surprised] Me? I\A1\AFm coming with you.

BRAN: No. You and Osha and Shaggydog head for the Last Hearth. The Umbers are our bannermen. They\A1\AFll protect you.

RICKON: I\A1\AFm coming with you. I\A1\AFm your brother. I have to protect you.

BRAN: Right now, I have to protect you.

[RICKON'S eyes start tearing up]

BRAN: Robb\A1\AFs at war and I\A1\AFm going beyond the Wall. If something happens to us, you\A1\AFre the heir to Winterfell.

[RICKON shakes his head with tears in his eyes]

BRAN: [Looks at OSHA] Will you know how to find the last Hearth?

OSHA: You Southerners build your big castles and you never move. You\A1\AFre easy to find.

[RICKON stands up and looks at OSHA]

RICKON: We\A1\AFre not Southerners.

[RICKON turns around to look at BRAN]

RICKON: And I don\A1\AFt want to leave you.

OSHA: Shhh. [She grabs RICKON by the waist and sits him on her lap] Come here, little soldier. You and me, we\A1\AFre gonna have some adventures.

[RICKON starts crying. BRAN looks at OSHA]

Bran: You don\A1\AFt have to do any of this.

[RICKON cries as OSHA strokes his hair]

OSHA: Your family took me in and was good to me when they had no cause to be. [To RICKON] Shhh. We\A1\AFll be fine, you and me. The Umbers are great warriors. Even I heard about them growing up. They\A1\AFll teach you how to swing a sword.

RICKON: [Crying, looks at OSHA] I know how to swing a sword.

[OSHA strokes RICKON\A1\AFS hair and kisses him on the head. She then gets up and helps RICKON up as well]

BRAN: You\A1\AFre leaving now? It\A1\AFs the middle of the night.

OSHA: I learned to walk in darkness.

[OSHA kisses RICKON on the head again]

OSHA: Say your good-byes, little man.

[RICKON walks one step before dropping to his knees to give BRAN a tight hug. The Reeds look at BRAN and RICKON and then switch their gaze to OSHA]

Osha: [Looks at the Reeds] Keep this one safe. [MEERA gives a slight nod] He means the world to me.

[Final shot of BRAN and RICKON hugging followed by a shot of OSHA and RICKON exiting the windmill, with Shaggydog leading the way]

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Scene shifts to DAENERYS\A1\AF tent outside of the city of Yunkai. It\A1\AFs nighttime and there are Unsullied soldiers surrounding the tent. The next shot is inside of the tent. BARRISTAN is having a drink, MISSANDEI presents some food to DAENERYS who is sitting down. She suddenly gets up and ignores the food, as she approaches BARRISTAN with impatience]

Daenerys: We\A1\AFve been waiting a long time. [BARRISTAN looks at her] Haven\A1\AFt we? [BARRISTAN shrugs] Well I don\A1\AFt know, you tell me. How long does it take to sack a city?

[BARRISTAN briefly ponders the question before JORAH, GREY WORM and several Unsullied guards arrive. JORAH and GREY WORM are both tired and covered in blood]

JORAH: [Looks at DAENERYS] It was just as you said. They did not believe until it was too late. Their slave soldiers threw down their spears and surrendered.

[DAENERYS likes the news but her face suddenly shows some worry]

DAENERYS: And Daario Naharis?

[JORAH\A1\AFS face goes from a smile to a look of shock. Suddenly, DAARIO emerges from behind the Unsullied guards, with a Yunkai flag draped over his shoulder and his face covered in blood. He walks towards DAENERYS and drops to one knee. He drapes the flag over his knee and looks up at DAENERYS]

DAARIO: The city is yours, my queen.

[DAENERYS starts to smile]

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The scene shifts to the wedding celebration inside of The Twins. A band is playing music on the balcony of the hall.WALDER is seated on the high chair at the main table, underneath the balcony where the musicians are playing. Seated to his left are ROSLIN and EDMURE. Seated to his right is his wife, JOYEUSE FREY. Stark men and Frey men and women are celebrating the marriage. TALISA is seated at a table towards the front, near WALDER'S main table. Next to her is LOTHAR FREY, one of WALDER'S many sons]

TALISA: [Looking at the band and talking to LOTHAR] They\A1\AFre good, aren\A1\AFt they?

LOTHAR: They ought to be because they cost enough.

[ROBB takes a drink and starts laughing. Next shot is from across the hall, where ROOSE, BLACKFISH and CATELYN are seated, enjoying themselves]

BLACKFISH: Look at the crowd there.

[Seated next to BLACKFISH is WENDEL MANDERLY of House Manderly. Next to him is BLACK WALDER FREY, another one of WALDER'S sons]

CATELYN: [Looking at EDMURE and talking to BLACKFISH] He complained about this marriage the entire ride from Riverrun and now look at him.

[Shot of EDMURE whispering in ROSLIN'S ear as she smiles]

BLACKFISH: The God\A1\AFs love to reward a fool.

CATELYN: [Laughs] Uncle.

BLACKFISH: What? He\A1\AFs my nephew, I love him. And he\A1\AFs a damned fool.

[CATELYN and BLACKFISH both laugh. A servant tries to pour some wine into ROOSE'S cup but he covers it with his hand before she can pour anything. CATELYN looks at ROOSE]

CATELYN: Don\A1\AFt you drink, Lord Bolton?

ROOSE: Never do, my lady. Dulls the senses.

BLACKFISH: That\A1\AFs the point. [Still talking to ROOSE while the servant pours him more wine] Didn\A1\AFt you marry one of these Frey girls?

ROOSE: Aye. Lord Walder let me choose any of his granddaughters and promised me the girl\A1\AFs weight in silver as a dowry. So I have a fat, young bride.

[ROOSE smiles and BLACKFISH laughs. CATELYN gives ROOSE a serious look]

CATELYN: I hope she makes you very happy.

ROOSE: Well, she\A1\AFs made me very rich.

BLACKFISH: Pardon, my lord, my lady. I need to find a tree to piss on.

[BLACKFISH gets up from his seat and begins exiting the hall, as ROBB and TALISA look on]

ROBB: My mother\A1\AFs alone with Roose Bolton. I should rescue her.

TALISA: Your mother is less in need of rescue than any woman I\A1\AFve ever met.

ROBB: Be kind. She\A1\AFs finally starting to like you.

TALISA: And I like her. But if she had her way, I would be back in Volantis, playing my harp and you would be sitting over there [Looks at EDMURE and ROSLIN], eating blackberries out of Roslin Frey\A1\AFs hand.

ROBB: Perhaps I\A1\AFve made a terrible mistake.

[TALISA gasps and tries to strike ROBB but he catches her hand]

ROBB: Striking your king is an act of treason.

[ROBB and TALISA look at each other before ROBB tries to kiss her. TALISA stops him]

TALISA: No, don\A1\AFt. Don\A1\AFt insult them.

WALDER: [Addressing ROBB loudly so everybody can hear] Your Grace.

[Everybody starts knocking on the tables. WALDER signals for the music and knocking to stop]

WALDER: The Septon has prayed his prayers, some words were said and Lord Edmure has wrapped my daughter in a cloak. But they are not yet man and wife. A sword needs a sheath [Everybody laughs]. And a wedding needs a bedding [Everybody cheers]. What does my sire say?

EVERYBODY: [Knocking on the tables, chanting] To bed! To bed! To bed!

ROBB: [Gets up from his seat and addresses WALDER] If you think the time is right, Lord Walder, by all means, let us bed them.

[Everybody cheers, the band starts playing celebratory music again. EDMURE smiles, ROSLIN looks concerned. Men start getting up from their seats and approach the main table]

EVERYBODY: [Chanting] To bed! To bed! To bed!

[The men pick up ROSLIN and carry her out of the hall. The women grab EDMURE and start bringing him out as well. TALISA looks worried when she sees ROSLIN being carried away. Everybody is cheering on. The men start removing some of ROSLIN'S clothes while the women start doing the same to EDMURE]

EDMURE: Ho-ho! Careful now, ladies. Once you set that monster free, there\A1\AFs no caging him again [Laughs].

[ROBB looks on smiling and clapping. TALISA looks at ROBB with a worried look]

EVERYBODY: [Chanting] To bed! To bed! To bed!

[ROOSE and CATELYN look at ROSLIN and EDMURE being carried out of the hall]

CATELYN: Poor girl.

ROOSE: Every bride suffers the same. I\A1\AFm sure you endured yours with grace.

CATELYN: Oh, Ned forbade it. He said it wouldn\A1\AFt be right if he broke a man\A1\AFs jaw on our wedding night.

[ROOSE looks at CATELYN and chuckles before walking away]

[ROBB and TALISA watch as the bedding procession is almost finished]

TALISA: That is a very strange custom.

ROBB: I suppose it does seem strange from a foreigner\A1\AFs perspective.

TALISA: It seems normal to you?

ROBB: It\A1\AFs tradition. [TALISA stares at ROBB] Without the bedding ceremony, there\A1\AFs no real proof the lord and lady consummated their marriage.

[TALISA puts her hand on ROBB'S shoulder, runs it down his arm, before grabbing his hand and placing it on her stomach]

TALISA: No, but there are other ways of providing proof.

ROBB: Boy or girl?

TALISA: I don\A1\AFt know. But if it\A1\AFs a boy, I know what we should name him.

ROBB: Oh, do you? It seems to me the father should have some say in his son\A1\AFs naming.

TALISA: Eddard. [Catches ROBB by surprise] Don\A1\AFt you want to teach little Ned Stark how to ride horses?

ROBB: I do.

[ROBB and TALISA kiss. CATELYN looks on and smiles as BLACK WALDER walks towards the door of the hall to close it. He walks back and the band starts playing the Lannister song, \A1\B0The Rains of Castamere.\A1\B1 The band\A1\AFs expression is very serious and the song isn\A1\AFt as cheerful as their previous songs. CATELYN looks up at the band with a worried expression. Scene changes to outside of The Twins, Grey Wind is locked up in a kennel, whimpering, sensing something is wrong as Frey soldiers are on the move. The scene then changes again to the main gate of The Twins, where the tents are set up and men are still celebrating. THE HOUND and ARYA approach the gate, riding the pig farmer\A1\AFs cart]

THE HOUND: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

[Three Frey guards stop THE HOUND and ARYA from entering The Twins]

FREY GUARD: Where are you going?

THE HOUND: Got salt pork for the feast.

FREY GUARD: The feast is over.

THE HOUND: It doesn\A1\AFt sound like it\A1\AFs over.

[ARYA watches as Frey soldiers run into the Twins]

FREY GUARD: If I tell you it\A1\AFs over, it\A1\AFs over. [Angrily] Turn this cart around and get the hell out of here.

THE HOUND: Got pig\A1\AFs feet, too [ARYA looks up].

FREY GUARD: [Infuriated] Are you soft in the head? Turn this cart around!

[THE HOUND gives up. As he looks back, he notices that ARYA is not in the cart. The scene then switches back to the hall inside of The Twins. WALDER signals for everybody to be quiet. He addresses ROBB]

WALDER: Your Grace.

[WALDER stands up with a cup in his hand. Everybody takes a seat except ROBB. ROOSE returns to the hall and sits next to CATELYN]

WALDER: I feel I\A1\AFve been remiss in my duties.

[CATELYN looks scared. ROOSE slowly turns his head to look at CATELYN. He's smiling as he looks down at his arm, inviting CATELYN to take a look]

WALDER: I\A1\AFve given you meat and wine and music but I haven\A1\AFt shown you the hospitality you deserve. My king has married and I owe my new queen a wedding gift.

[CATELYN pulls back ROOSE'S sleeve, she sees that he\A1\AFs wearing chainmail. She starts gasping as ROOSE stares at her. She suddenly gets up from her seat and slaps ROOSE across the face, prompting him to run to the other side of the hall]

CATELYN: Robb!

[LOTHAR pulls a knife out of his sleeve and repeatedly stabs TALISA in the stomach from behind. She starts screaming as ROBB looks on in horror. As ROBB starts to approach her, the band now have crossbows and they shoot arrows at Robb, hitting him. The rest of the Frey men in the hall start slaughtering the Stark men. ROBB is repeatedly shot with arrows and falls to the ground. TALISA falls to the ground in agony. CATELYN in shock over ROBB, gets hit in the shoulder by an arrow, making her fall down. As the massacre continues, WALDER smiles and sips from his cup. The scene then switches to ARYA sneaking into The Twins. She hides behind a barrel and watches some Stark men eating with Frey men in front of the kennel that Grey Wind is in]

MAN 1: [Laughing] You ready to head home to Winterfell, eh? [Men laughing]

[ARYA grins]

MAN 2: Feast over yet, is it?

FREY MAN: Aye, it\A1\AFs over! [Slit\A1\AFs the throat of a Stark soldier]

[The Frey men kill the Stark men. They flip over the table and march off as ARYA hides in the shadows of the barrels. ARYA can hear Grey Wind whimpering as he tries to break out of the locked kennel. She goes behind the flipped over table and sees Grey Wind jumping up and down. Suddenly, Frey men appear with crossbows. Grey Wind growls at them before they shoot him to death. ARYA is horrified. She watches as Grey Wind takes his last breath and dies. She then notices more Frey men emerging from a doorway. She starts walking towards the doorway until THE HOUND puts his hand on her shoulder and turns her around]

THE HOUND: It\A1\AFs too late.

[THE HOUND hits ARYA on the back of the head, knocking her out. He carries her over his shoulder and starts exiting The Twins. The scene then changes to CATELYN crawling underneath the table at the hall with the arrow still lodged in her shoulder. She notices JOYEUSE hiding underneath the main table. ROBB gazes at TALISA laying on the ground with her hand on her bloodied stomach. He starts crawling towards her. WALDER notices and signals for everybody to stop]

WALDER: The King in the North arises, heh heh.

[ROBB places one hand on TALISA'S stomach and lifts her head up with his other hand. She has already died. CATELYN grabs a dagger and emerges from under the table. She grabs JOYEUSE by the hair and drags her out from under the main table. CATELYN presses the dagger against JOYEUSE'S throat as WALDER looks on. The archers fix their sights on CATELYN]

CATELYN: Lord Walder! Lord Walder, enough! Let it end! Please! He is my son! [ROBB is still cradling TALISA on the floor] My first son! Let him go and I swear that we will forget this! I swear it by the Old Gods and New! We will take no vengeance.

WALDER: [Angrily] You already swore me one oath right here in my castle. You swore by all the Gods, your son would marry my daughter!

[ROBB lays TALISA'S head on the ground]

CATELYN: Take me for a hostage but let Robb go! Robb, get up! Get up and walk out! Please! Please!

WALDER: And why I would let him do that?

[CATELYN straightens up and presses the dagger harder against JOYEUSE'S neck]

CATELYN: On my honor as a Tully, on my honor as a Stark, let him go or I will cut your wife\A1\AFs throat!

[ROBB starts to stand up]

WALDER: I\A1\AFll find another.

[ROBB turns to CATELYN]

ROBB: Mother.

[CATELYN turns to ROBB with tears in her eyes as ROOSE suddenly reappears in front of ROBB. He faces ROBB and grabs him by the shoulder]

ROOSE: The Lannisters send their regards.

[ROOSE thrusts a dagger into ROBB'S heart. While still staring at CATELYN, ROBB dies and collapses to the floor next to TALISA. CATELYN wails loudly while WALDER takes a sip from his cup. She slits JOYEUSE'S throat with the dagger, killing her. JOYEUSE falls to the ground with blood spraying from her neck and CATELYN drops the dagger. She looks on hopelessly, in a dreary daze. After a long pause, BLACK WALDER finally emerges behind CATELYN and slits her throat, killing her. She falls to the floor with blood spraying from her neck]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Tyrion enters the Tower of the Hand to find Varys, Tywin, Pycelle and Cersei waiting for him; Joffrey enters the room, grinning smugly]
Tyrion Lannister: (glares at Joffrey as he sits down) Killed a few puppies today?
Joffrey Baratheon: (gestures to Pycelle) Show him- go on, show him! (Pycelle takes out a small scroll and holds it out, but deliberately drops it when Tyrion reaches for it)
Pycelle: Ohhh! I'm sorry, my Lord- old fingers. (Tyrion rolls his eyes, picks up the note and unrolls it)
Tyrion Lannister: (reading) "Roslin caught a fine fat trout. Her brothers gave her a pair of wolf pelts for her wedding. Signed Walder Frey." Is that bad poetry, or is it supposed to mean something?
Joffrey Baratheon: (gleefully) Robb Stark is dead! And his bitch mother! (Tyrion looks startled, Joffrey turns to Pycelle) Write back to Lord Frey.Thank him for his service and command him to send Robb Stark's head to me. I'm going to serve it to Sansa at my wedding feast.
[this suggestion is met with disgust by the council]
Varys: Your Grace, Lady Sansa is your aunt by marriage.
Cersei Lannister: A joke. Joffrey did not mean it.
Joffrey Baratheon: Yes, I did. I'm going to have it served to Sansa at my wedding feast.
Tyrion Lannister: No. She is no longer yours to torment.
Joffrey Baratheon: Everyone is mine to torment. You'd do well to remember that, you little monster.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I'm a monster?! Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies.
[The council are aghast by this threat, though Varys gives an amused smile and Tywin remains unperturbed]
Joffrey Baratheon: I could have your tongue out for saying that!
Cersei Lannister: Let him make his threats. Hmm? He's a bitter little man.
Pycelle: Lord Tyrion should apologize immediately. Unacceptable, disrespectful, and in very bad taste!
Joffrey Baratheon: I am the king! (Varys rolls his eyes) I will punish you!
Tywin Lannister: (rolls his eyes) Any man who must say, "I am the king" is no true king. I'll make sure you understand that when I've won your war for you.
Joffrey Baratheon: My father won the real war! He killed Prince Rhaegar- He took the crown, while you hid under Casterly Rock!
[There is a long, tense silence, as the council wait to see how Tywin will respond to such a shocking insult; Tyrion watches eagerly to see which of the two relatives he despises the most will win. After he takes a second to contemplate his words to his grandfather, even Joffrey shows muted terror. But although Tywin's gaze never leaves Joffrey, he remains completely calm, and continues to betray no emotion]
Tywin Lannister: The king is tired. See him to his chambers.
Cersei Lannister: [quickly] Come along.
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm not tired.
Cersei Lannister: We have so much to celebrate. A wedding to plan. You must rest.
Tywin Lannister: Grand Maester, perhaps some essence of nightshade to help him sleep.
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm not... tired!
[Tywin smirks at Joffrey.]
Cersei Lannister: Come.
[Joffrey leaves with his mother without any further protest, and the rest of the Small Council try to leave as well.]
Tywin Lannister: [To Tyrion] Not you.
Tyrion Lannister: (with grudging admiration) You just sent the most powerful man in Westeros to bed without his supper.
Tywin Lannister: You're a fool if you believe he's the most powerful man in Westeros.
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) A treasonous statement! Joffrey is king.
Tywin Lannister: You really think a crown gives you power?
Tyrion Lannister: No, I think armies give you power. (Tywin nods) Robb Stark had one, never lost a battle, and you defeated him all the same. [Tywin nods again] Oh, I know. Walder Frey gets all the credit- or the blame, I suppose, depending on your allegiance. (Tywin smiles slightly, pause) Walder Frey is many things, but a brave man? No. He never would have risked such an action, unless he had certain assurances...
Tywin Lannister: Which he got from me. Do you disapprove?
Tyrion Lannister: I'm all for cheating, this is war. But to slaughter them at a wedding...
Tywin Lannister: Explain to me why it is more noble to kill ten thousand men in battle than a dozen at dinner.
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) So that's why you did it- to save lives?
Tywin Lannister: (impatient) To end the war- to protect the family. Do you want to write a song for the dead Starks? Go ahead! Write one. (pause) I'm in this world a little while longer- to defend the Lannisters, to defend my blood.
Tyrion Lannister: ...The Northerners will never forget.
Tywin Lannister: Good. Let them remember what happens when they march on the South. (pause, puts his papers away) All the Stark men are dead. Winterfell is a ruin. Roose Bolton will be named Warden of the North- until your son by Sansa comes of age. (stands up) I believe you still have some work to do on that score. (turns away, Tyrion stands up, furious, and follows him across the room)
Tyrion Lannister: (angrily) Do you think she'll open her legs for me after I tell her how we murdered her mother and brother?!
Tywin Lannister: One way or another, you will get that girl pregnant-
Tyrion Lannister: I will not rape her! (pause)
Tywin Lannister: ...Shall I explain to you in one easy lesson how the world works?
Tyrion Lannister: (sneering) Use small words- I'm not as bright as you! (Tywin glares at him)
Tywin Lannister: The house that puts family first will always defeat the house that puts the whims and wishes of its' sons and daughters first. (Tyrion gives him an odd expression) A good man does everything in his power to better his family's position- regardless of his own selfish desires. (Tyrion begins to smirk)... Does that amuse you?!
Tyrion Lannister: No, it's a very good lesson... (turns angry again) Only it's easy for you to preach utter devotion to family, when you're making all the decisions!
Tywin Lannister: (angry) Easy for me, is it?
Tyrion Lannister: When have you ever done something that wasn't in your interest, but solely for the benefit of the family?!
Tywin Lannister: (with controlled fury) The day that you were born. (Tyrion is caught off-guard, Tywin continues, for once showing grief for the loss of his wife) I wanted to carry you into the sea and let the waves wash you away. Instead, I let you live- and I've brought you up as my son. Because you're a Lannister! (storms out, Tyrion ponders his words)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[At the Twins, in the great hall, servants clean up the aftermath of the Red Wedding]
Walder Frey: "The late Walder Frey" old Tully called me because I didn't get my men to the Trident in time for battle. He thought he was witty...but look at us now, Tully! You're dead, your daughter's dead, your grandson's dead, your son spent his wedding night in a dungeon and I am Lord of Riverrun! [cackles]
Roose Bolton: The Blackfish escaped.
Walder Frey: An old man on the run with no allies. I have Tywin Lannister backing me, who does he have?
Roose Bolton: [unconvinced] As you say.
Walder Frey: They all laughed at me, all those high lords, they all thought they were better than me: Ned Stark, Hoster Tully...people snigger when I marry a young girl, but who said a word when Jon Arryn married the little Tully bitch?!
Roose Bolton: You'll be needing a new young girl.
Walder Frey: Yes...got that to look forward to. And you...the Warden of the North! No more Starks to bow and scrape to! Must have been torture following that stupid boy all over the country.
Roose Bolton: He ignored my advice at every turn. If he'd been a trifle less arrogant...
Walder Frey: Calling himself "The Young Wolf"...how's that for pomposity?! Well...[raises his goblet in mock toast] Here's to the Young Wolf! [makes a mocking wolf howl]
Roose Bolton: Forever young. [both men chuckle]
Walder Frey: Will you move to Winterfell now that the war's over?
Roose Bolton: At some point, perhaps. But Winterfell's in ruins.
Walder Frey: Yes...what happened up there? I heard the Greyjoy boy seized the place. I heard he killed all the ravens and then, nothing.
Roose Bolton: I sent my bastard Ramsay to root him out. Robb Stark offered amnesty for the ironborn amnesty if they gave us Theon.
Walder Frey: And?
Roose Bolton: [grins] Ramsay delivered the terms. The ironborn turned on Theon as we knew they would. They handed him over, trussed and hooded, but Ramsay...well, Ramsay has his own way of doing things.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ramsay: [eating a sausage] Those girls weren't lying. You had a good sized cock. [Theon weakly looks at the sausage in horror] What? [realizes what Theon is thinking] No! Pork sausage. Do you think I'm some sort of savage? When people talk about phantom limbs, an amputee might have an itch where his foot used to be. So I've always wondered, do eunuchs have a phantom cock? Next time you think about naked girls, will you feel an itch? [Theon whimpers as Ramsay grins cruelly and waves the sausage at him. After a few moments, Ramsay lowers the sausage] Sorry. I shouldn't make jokes. My mother taught me not to throw stones at cripples...[grins] but my father taught me aim for their head!
Theon: ...kill me...
Ramsay: Sorry, what?
Theon: Kill me.
Ramsay: A little louder.
Theon: KILL ME!
Ramsay: You're no good to me dead. We need you. [Ramsay walks over to Theon and grabs his hair] You don't look like Theon Greyjoy anymore. That's a name for a lord. But you're not a lord, are you? You're just...meat. Stinking meat. You reek. (lets go of Theon and steps back with a grin on his face) Reek! That's a good name for you. What's your name?
Theon: Theon Greyjoy.
[Ramsay backhands Theon]
Ramsay: What's your name?
Theon: Th-Theon Greyjoy.
[Ramsay punches Theon in the jaw, jolting his head back against the rack]
Theon: Please...
[Ramsay grabs Theon by the face]
Ramsay: (snarling) What...is...your...name?!
Theon: Reek. My name is...Reek. (Ramsay grins, lets go of him and walks away; Theon slumps forward and weeps)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Varys: When did you come to this strange country?
Shae: When I was thirteen.
Varys: You were only a child?
Shae: I stopped being a child when I was nine. My mother made sure of that.
Varys: You've been a good influence on our mutual friend, you know. (Shae permits herself a smile) He used to drink from sun-down to sun-up, visit three brothels a night, gamble away his father's money. Now it's just the drinking.
Shae: (bitterly) And now I'm his wife's servant. I brush her hair and clip her nails and empty her chamber pot.
Varys: She is a sweet young thing. None of this is her fault.
Shae: (angrily) I love that girl. I would kill for her. Do you think that makes it easier for me?
Varys: No- I expect not. (Shae turns away)
Shae: (sadly) She's young, and beautiful, and... high-born.
Varys: We break bread with them, but that doesn't make us family. We've learned their language, but we'll never be their countrymen. (pause, comes closer) If you let yourself believe that a foreign girl with no name could spend her life with the son of Tywin Lannister-
Shae: (turns around, angrily) I have a name-
Varys: (firmly) You have one name... as do I. Here, only the family name matters.
Shae:...What do you want from me, Lord Varys? (Varys glances around, then presses a leather pouch into her hand)
Varys: Diamonds. (pats the pouch) I'd tell you to beware carrying so much wealth, but you know how to protect yourself. (pause) Get on one of those ships- sail to Pentos, or Lhys, or Myr. (Shae stares at him coldly) You can buy a house with these diamonds- a very large house. Hire servants- start a new life, a good life, far from here. (smiles and steps back) A mysterious foreign beauty- you'll have suitors lining up.
Shae: (looks from Varys to the diamonds)...Why do you want me to leave?
Varys: Tyrion Lannister is one of the few people alive who can make this country a better place. He has the mind for it, he has the will, he has the right last name- and you... you are a complication.(softens his tone) I know you love him- and I know it's true love, not bought by gold and silver. I'm not asking you to leave him for money- I'm asking you to leave, because your presence in the Capitol endangers him. (pause) This will never be your home, my Lady. Find a true home, somewhere far from here- while there's still time. (turns to go)
Shae: (angrily) Lord Varys! (Varys turns back, Shae throws the pouch of diamonds at his feet) If he wants me to leave, he can tell me himself.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
1st Frey Bannerman: (notices Arya has crept up behind him)...What d'you want?
Arya Stark: Mind if I keep warm? (the man rolls his eyes and turns away)
2nd Frey Bannerman: Fuck off!
Arya Stark: (acting pitiful) But I'm hungry.
1st Frey Bannerman: (turns around again) Does "Fuck off" mean something different where you're from?
Arya Stark: I've got money. (she reaches into her belt pouch and pulls out the Braavosi coin Jacquen gave her)
1st Frey Bannerman: (squints at it) What kinda coin is that?
Arya Stark: It's worth a lot. (she drops it on the ground when he reaches for it) Sorry.
1st Frey Bannerman: (scowls at her) Little shit. (as he leans over to pick up the coin, Arya violently stabs him several times in the back and neck. The other three Frey soldiers, shocked, jump up and draw their swords, approaching her, but Sandor "The Hound" Clegane blocks their path with his sword drawn. They pause, then attack, and Sandor quickly and brutally kills all three of them. Arya stands over the man she killed)
Sandor Clegane: (walks over to her) Where did you get the knife?
Arya Stark: (holds up her blood-coated dagger)...From you. (the Hound quickly checks his belt, then irritably snatches the dagger back)
Sandor Clegane: Is that the first man you've killed?
Arya Stark:...The first man.
Sandor Clegane: (irritated, wags the dagger in her face) The next time you're going to do something like that, tell me first! (walks over to the dead men's fire and begins looting their supplies)
Arya Stark: (picks up the Braavosi coin)...Valar Morghulis.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Samwell Tarly: I know how this must look. [remembers Aemon is blind] What I meant was-
Gilly: I swear to you, my lord--
Maester Aemon: I'm not a lord, my dear. Not for many, many years. Every man who joins the Night's Watch renounces all former titles. Among other things. What is your name?
Gilly: Gilly.
Maester Aemon: Ah, for the gillyflower. Lovely.
Gilly: Yes, my-
Samwell Tarly: Maester.
Gilly: Master.
Samwell Tarly: Maester.
Maester Aemon: And the child?
Samwell Tarly: She hasn't chosen a name yet.
Gilly: His name is Sam.
Maester Aemon: Tarly... do you remember the oath you swore when you joined this order?
Samwell Tarly: He's not my child, Maester Aemon. She's one of Craster's wives. I remember every word of the oath. Night gathers and my watch begins. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. The realms of men. That means her as well as us. We didn't build 500 miles of ice walls 700 feet high to keep out men. The night is gathering, Maester Aemon. I've seen it. It's coming for all of us.
Maester Aemon: Gilly, you and your son will be our guests for the time being. We certainly cannot send you back beyond the Wall.
Gilly: Thank you... Maester. I can cook and clean and I can-
Maester Aemon: Good. Samwell, fetch a quill and inkwell. I hope your penmanship is better than your swordplay.
Samwell Tarly: Miles better.
Maester Aemon: We had 44 ravens at last count. Make sure they're all fed. Every one of them flies tonight.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[while washing cuts on his face after fleeing the Wildlings, Jon is confronted by Ygritte, who has an arrow aimed at him]
Jon Snow: (stands up, sadly) Ygritte, you know I didn't have a choice. You always knew who I was- what I am. I have to go home now- I know you won't hurt me.
Ygritte: (vengeful and sad) You know nothing, Jon Snow.
Jon Snow: (laughs sadly) I do know some things. I know I love you (Ygritte's eyes well with tears) I know that you love me. (shakes his head) But I have to go home now! (he turns away and Ygritte fires an arrow into his shoulder, knocking him down in agony. Jon staggers over to his horse, climbs on and rides away, but not before Ygritte shoots him twice more; she watches him go, sobbing)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -









