- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
First Lannister soldier : You lost, friend?
Oberyn Martell: Forgive me for staring...I don't see many Lannisters where I'm from.
First Lannister soldier: [smirks] I don't see many Dornishmen in the capital.
Oberyn Martell: [knowingly] We don't like the smell! [laughs, as Ellaria arrives and tries to draw him away]
Ellaria Sand: Come with me, lover...
Second Lannister soldier: ([assumes Ellaria is a whore]) Gods, look at this one!
Olyvar: Sirs, if you follow me I'll arrange for a private room-
Second Lannister soldier: Why are you wasting a woman like this on a Dornishman? Bring him a shaved goat and a bottle of olive oil! [laughs dismissively; Olyvar looks nervous, Oberyn smiles and steps forward as Ellaria watches]
Oberyn Martell: Do you know why all the world hates a Lannister? [both soldiers stand up, their whores hurriedly exit] You think your gold... and your lions, and your gold lions make you better than everyone. [the second soldier eyes his sword on the table] May I tell you a secret? You're not a golden lion. You're just a pink little man who's far too slow on the draw. [after a long beat, the second soldier makes a grab for his sword, but Oberyn instantly rams a dagger through his wrist, skewering his arm to the table. The soldier screams in agony; the first soldier half-draws his sword, but hesitates as Oberyn leans close to his companion] Long sword is a bad option in close quarters. [looks to the first soldier] When I pull my blade, your friend starts bleeding, quite a lot, I'm afraid; so many veins in the wrist. [he twists the dagger slightly, causing the soldier to scream again] He'll live if you get him help, straight away. So... [bares his teeth into a grin as Tyrion Lannister enters] Decisions.
Tyrion Lannister: Prince Oberyn! Forgive the intrusion, we heard there might be...[he breaks off as Oberyn wrenches his dagger free, causing the soldier to scream again] ...trouble. [The first soldier hastily drags his wounded friend out of the brothel]
Oberyn Martell: [to Ellaria] Apologies, my love. [he and Ellaria begin kissing passionately, while Oberyn and Bronn look on awkwardly]
Tyrion Lannister: I'm here to welcome you to the capital... [Eventually, Ellaria and Oberyn acknowledge his presence]
Oberyn Martell: [indicates Ellaria] Ellaria Sand, my paramour. [to Ellaria, gesturing at Tyrion] The King's own uncle Imp, Tyrion, son of Tywin...Lannister.
Tyrion Lannister: If there's anything I can do to make your stay in King's Landing more--
Oberyn Martell: [talking over him, to Bronn] And what are you, his hired killer?
Bronn: It started that way, aye. Now I'm a knight.
Oberyn Martell: How did that come to pass?
Bronn: Killed the right people, I suppose. [Oberyn grins, he and Bronn laugh, Tyrion joins in quickly]
Oberyn Martell: We'll need a few more girls. [Bronn nods while Tyrion shakes his head, Oberyn raises an eyebrow] You don't partake?
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I partook, now I'm married. [pause] Prince Oberyn--a word, if I may, in private?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Oberyn Martell: It seems I visited the Lannister brothel by mistake.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, they take all kinds.
Oberyn Martell: Even Dornishmen.
Tyrion Lannister: The King is very grateful that you traveled all this way for his wedding.
Oberyn Martell: Ah, let us speak truth here; Joffrey is insulted. I am only the second son, after all.
Tyrion Lannister: Well, speaking as a fellow second son, I have grown rather used to being the family insult. [Oberyn chuckles] Why did you come to King's Landing, Prince Oberyn?
Oberyn Martell: I was invited to the royal wedding.
Tyrion Lannister: I thought we were speaking truth.
Oberyn Martell: [beat] The last time I was in the capital was many years ago. Another wedding. My sister Elia and Rhaegar Targaryen, the last dragon. My sister loved him. She bore his children. Swaddled them, rocked them, fed them at her own breast, Elia wouldn't let the wet nurse touch them. And beautiful, noble Rhaegar Targaryen...left her for another woman. That started a war and the war ended right here when your father's army took the city.
Tyrion Lannister: [hesitantly] I wasn't actually present-
Oberyn Martell: They butchered those children. My nephew and niece. Carved them up and wrapped them in Lannister cloaks. And my sister, you know what they did to her? [Tyrion doesn't answer; Oberyn lifts his chin with a finger until their eyes are locked] I'm asking you a question.
Tyrion Lannister: I've heard rumors. [shoves Oberyn's hand away]
Oberyn Martell: [chuckles coldly] So have I. The one I keep hearing is that Ser Gregor Clegane, the Mountain, raped Elia and split her in half with his greatsword.
Tyrion Lannister: I wasn't there. I don't know what happened--
Oberyn Martell: If the Mountain killed my sister, your father gave the order. [beat] Tell your father I'm here. And tell him the Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts. [Oberyn exits, Tyrion watching him apprehensively]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Dany sees that the Meereenese have used a crucified slave girl as a road-marker]
Jorah Mormont: (grimly) There's one on every mile-marker between here and Meereen.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many miles are there between here and Meereen?
Jorah Mormont:...One hundred and sixty-three, Your Grace.
Barristan Selmy: I'll tell our men to ride ahead and bury them. You don't need to see this-
Daenerys Targaryen: You will do no such thing. I will see each and every one of their faces. (stares up at the slave-child) Remove her collar, before you bury her.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Alliser Thorne: So you admit you murdered Qhorin Halfhand?
Jon Snow: I didn't murder him.
Alliser Thorne: No? You put your sword through a brother of the Night's Watch. What do you call that?
Jon Snow: He wanted me to kill him.
Janos Slynt: A bastard son of a traitor. What would you expect?
Jon Snow: The Halfhand believed our only chance to stop Mance was to get a man inside his army.
Alliser Thorne: Don't talk about the Halfhand as if you knew him. He was my brother.
Jon Snow: Then you'd know he'd do anything to defend the Wall. The free folk would have boiled him alive, but letting me kill him--
Janos Slynt: The free folk? Listen to him. He even talks like a wildling now.
Jon Snow: Aye, I talk like a wildling. I ate with the wildlings. I climbed the Wall with the wildlings. I...I laid with a wildling girl.
Janos Slynt: [glances at the others] You admit to breaking your vows, then?
Jon Snow: I do.
Janos Slynt: The law is the law. The boy must die.
Maester Aemon: If we beheaded every ranger who lay with a girl, the Wall would be manned by headless men.
Alliser Thorne: There's a difference between sneaking off to the Mole's Town brothel and sleeping with the enemy.
Jon Snow: While we sit here, debating which rules I broke, Mance Rayder marches on the Wall with an army of a hundred thousand.
Alliser Thorne: Impossible. You can't get fifty wildlings together before they start killing each other.
Jon Snow: One hundred thousand. He's united the Thenns, the Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, there's giants fighting for him.
Janos Slynt: Giants? [snorts and starts to laugh before noticing the look on Ser Alliser's face]
Jon Snow: Have you ever been beyond the Wall, ser?
Janos Slynt: I commanded the City Watch of King's Landing, boy.
Jon Snow: And now you're here. You must not have been very good at your job.
Janos Slynt: [jumps to his feet] How dare you?!
Jon Snow: There's a band of wildlings south of the Wall already, led by Tormund Giantsbane. I killed their warg and three others. They shot me full of arrows. Their orders are to attack Castle Black from the south when Mance hits it from the north. The signal for the attack will be a bonfire. Mance said it would be the greatest fire the North has ever seen. That's the truth. All the truth. [Slynt unceremoniously seats himself] Do you intend to execute me or am I free to go?
Maester Aemon: None of us are free. We are men of the Night's Watch. But we won't be taking your head today, Jon Snow.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Polliver: Hey- I know you. (Arya looks up frightened, thinking he's referring to her; she reaches for Sandor's sword under the table) You're the Hound! (comes over to their table, Arya lets go of the sword) Pour our new friend some ale! (glances from Sandor to Arya) What brings you so far north?
Sandor "The Hound" Clegane: I could ask the same of you. What're you doing up here?
Polliver: (shrugs) Just keepin' the King's peace.
Sandor Clegane: No need- war's over.
Polliver: So I've heard. (the inkeeper brings them ale) Stannis defeated at the Blackwater, Robb Stark killed at the Twins, and where am I for all of it? Stuck with your brother. (hastily) Meaning no offense-
Sandor Clegane: None taken.
Polliver: He's good, the Mountain is- best at what he does. But- torture, torture, torture, torture. You spend enough time puttin' a hammmer to people, and you start to feel like a carpenter making chairs. Drains the fun right out of it! (Arya and Sandor stare blankly back at him) And what's life without a little fun? (looks at Arya and sniggers) Well, I don't need to tell you that, eh?
Sandor Clegane: (glances at Arya) She's all right- I've had better.
Polliver: (laughs) You know what? You should come with us. (indicates the inkeeper) His kind, they've always got something hidden away- gold, silver, more daughters. Always something, if you know how to make em talk- and there's plenty of 'em between here and King's Landing. You could do well for yourself. We certainly have been!
Sandor Clegane: (looks away for a moment)...I'm not going to King's Landing.
Polliver: But, think about it- we can do whatever we like, wherever we go! (gestures at his armor) These are the King's colors. No one's standing in his way now... which means no one's standing in ours.
Sandor Clegane: (leans forward)...Fuck the King. (Polliver's smile vanishes; his comrades look in their direction. Arya smirks)
Polliver: (long pause)...When I heard that Joffrey's dog had turned tail and run at the Battle of the Blackwater, I didn't believe it. But, here you are-
Sandor Clegane: Here I am. (drains his ale cup, stares coldly at Polliver) Bring me one of those chickens.
Polliver: You got money to pay for it?
Sandor Clegane: You paid for it?
Polliver: (smirks)No- but we're the King's men. So- you got money?
Sandor Clegane: (shakes his head mockingly) Not a penny- I'll still take that chicken.
Polliver: Tell you what- we'll trade you. One of our little chickens for one of yours (stares menacingly at Arya, who looks back at him) Give us a go at your friend. (gestures over his shoulder) Lowell there likes them a bit broken in. (Lowell chuckles, Polliver and Sandor stare each other down)
Sandor Clegane:...You're a talker. (smirks) Listening to talkers...makes me thirsty. (deliberately picks up Polliver's ale cup and drains it) And hungry. Think I'll take two chickens. (Polliver glances over his shoulder meaningfully at his men, then turns back to the Hound)
Polliver: You don't seem to understand the situation.
Sandor Clegane: I understand, that if any more words come pouring out your cunt mouth... I'm gonna have to eat every fucking chicken in this room. (nods at Polliver's men)
Polliver: You lived your life for the King- you gonna die for some chickens?
Sandor Clegane:...Someone is. (long pause, then Polliver goes for his sword, but Sandor and Arya flip the table over on him; Sandor attacks Polliver's men)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jaime Lannister: My brother tells me you keep your mouth shut- unusual talent, for a sellsword.
Bronn: He tells me you shit gold, just like your father.
Jaime Lannister: (tosses Bronn a small pouch of gold, his pay) Is this place safe?
Bronn: There's this knight- er, Laygood. Got thunderbolts on his shield? (Jaime nods) Right here is where I fuck his wife. She's a screamer, that one- if they don't hear her, they won't hear us. (whistles as Jaime brings out his Valyrian steel blade) I've never seen Valyrian steel before- she's a beauty. Problem is, if you fight with an edged blade, I'll have to- and if I fight with an edged blade, I'll have no one left to pay me. (pulls two blunted swords out of his bag and drops one on the ground)
Jaime Lannister: (irritably) I haven't used a sparring sword since I was nine (just as he grabs the practice sword, Bronn hits him on the wrist with his blade, forcing him to drop it) Bold warrior you are, attacking a man when his guard's down.
Bronn: Best time to attack a man! (attacks as Jaime picks up the sword; they spar for a moment, then Bronn shoves him against a rock wall) Mind yourself!
Jaime Lannister: (angrily) If I still had my right hand-
Bronn: (sarcastically) Plan on growin' it back? (Jaime attacks, they spar for a few moments, with Jaime getting the worst of it)
Jaime Lannister: (collects himself)...Come on, then. (they continue sparring)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Ramsay and a shaking, semi-catatonic Theon/Reek meet with Roose]
Ramsay: Father. (shoves Theon forward, Roose gets up and inspects him more closely)
Roose:...What did you do to him?
Ramsay: I trained him. He was a slow learner, but he learned.
Roose: You flayed him.
Ramsay: Peeled a few bits. Removed a few others.
Roose: (steps towards Ramsay, for the first time showing a hint of anger) This was Balon Greyjoy's son and heir.
Ramsay: We've been flaying our enemies for a thousand years. The flayed man is on our banners-
Roose: My banners, not yours. You're not a Bolton, you're a Snow. (steps away, Ramsay seething at the reminder of his bastard status) Tywin Lannister has given me the North, but he won't lift a finger to help me take it. As long as the Ironborn hold Moat Cailin, our armies are trapped south of the Neck. Theon was a valuable hostage, not your plaything. I wanted to trade him for Moat Cailin.
Ramsay: I already asked. Lord Greyjoy refused. Savages have-
Roose: You sent terms to Balon Greyjoy without my consent?
Ramsay: You made me Acting Lord of the Dreadfort. I acted.
Roose: (comes back over to face Ramsay) I had to smuggle myself into my own lands thanks to the Greyjoys. I needed Theon. I needed him whole.
Ramsay: Theon was our enemy. But Reek? Reek will never betray us.
Roose: I place far too much trust in you. (turns away contemptuously)
Ramsay: ...Reek, how could you let me stand before my father unshaven? It's disrespectful.
Theon/Reek: Sorry, my lord.
Ramsay: [to Locke] Give him the razor.
[Ramsay sits in a chair and Theon/Reek is handed a razor; Roose turns around to watch]
Ramsay: I'm not a Bolton, father. What does it matter? Go on, Reek. A nice, close shave.
[Reek begins carefully shaving Ramsay]
Ramsay: Reek, tell father, where are Bran and Rickon Stark?
Theon/Reek: I don't know, my lord.
Roose: You murdered them and displayed their corpses at Winterfell.
Ramsay: Reek, did you murder the Stark boys?
Theon/Reek: No, my lord. Just two farm boys.
Ramsay: And crisped them so no one would know.
Theon/Reek: Yes, my lord.
Ramsay: The Starks have always ruled the North. If Bran and Rickon are alive, the country will rally to their side now that Robb Stark is gone.
[Theon/Reek stops shaving]
Ramsay: Oh, that's right, Reek. Robb Stark is dead. Sorry. I know he was like a brother to you, but my father put a knife through his heart. How do you feel about that?
[Theon/Reek pauses a moment, his razor resting on Ramsay's jugular vein, but then he resumes and completes the shave]
Roose: (to Locke) You ready for a hunt?
Locke: Always.
Roose: Find those boys and I'll give a thousand acres and a holdfast.
Locke: Your pet rat have any thoughts on which way they went after Winterfell?
Theon/Reek: Jon Snow is at Castle Black.
Locke: Who the fuck's Jon Snow?
Roose: Their bastard brother. He could be sheltering them. He may know where they are.
Ramsay: Even if he doesn't, he's half Stark himself. He could be a threat.
Roose: You want to prove yourself a Bolton? Gather whatever men you can and ride for Moat Cailin. Bring this creature of yours. Maybe he'll be of some use. Take the Moat for the family - for our family - and I'll reconsider your position.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Oberyn Martell: Your Grace. Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: Prince Oberyn.
Oberyn Martell: I don't believe you have met Ellaria. This is the Lord Hand Tywin Lannister and Cersei Lannister the Queen Regent. I suppose it is former Queen Regent now. Lord Hand and Lady Cersei, Ellaria Sand.
Ellaria Sand: My lord. My lady.
Tywin Lannister: Charmed.
Cersei Lannister: Can't say I've ever met a Sand before. (Ellaria glares at her)
Ellaria Sand: We are everywhere in Dorne. I have 10,000 brothers and sisters.
Oberyn Martell: Bastards are born of passion, aren't they? We don't despise them in Dorne.
Cersei Lannister: No? How tolerant of you.
Oberyn Martell: I expect it is a relief, Lady Cersei, giving up your regal responsibilities. Wearing the crown for so many years must have left your neck a bit crooked.
Cersei Lannister: I suppose you'll never know, Prince Oberyn. It's a shame your older brother couldn't attend the wedding.
Tywin Lannister: (hastily) Please give him our regards. With any luck, the gout will abate with time and he will be able to walk again.
Oberyn Martell: They call it the rich man's disease. A wonder you don't have it, Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: Noblemen in my part of the country don't enjoy the same lifestyle as our counterparts in Dorne.
Oberyn Martell: People everywhere have their differences. In some places the highborn frown upon those of low birth. In other places, the rape and murder of women and children is considered...distasteful. What a fortunate thing for you, former Queen Regent, that your daughter Myrcella has been sent to live in the latter sort of place. (Cersei's smile vanishes)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Joffrey: Well fought. Well fought. Here you are. Champion's purse. Though you're not the champion yet, are you? A true champion defeats all the challengers. Surely there are others out there who still dare to challenge my reign. Uncle. How about you? I'm sure they have a spare costume.
[Tyrion smiles and stands up.]
Tyrion: One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace. I would like to keep what remains of my face. I think you should fight him. This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle. I speak as a firsthand witness. Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne. Be careful, though. [Nods towards the champion dwarf.] This one is clearly mad with lust. It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night.
[Enraged and humiliated, Joffrey walks over to Tyrion and empties his goblet over his uncle's head.]
Tyrion: A fine vintage. Shame that it spilled.
Joffrey: It did not spill.
Margaery Tyrell: My love, come back to me. It's time for my father's toast.
Joffrey: [He does so] Well, how does he expect me to toast without wine? [To Tyrion] Uncle, you can be my cupbearer seeing as you're too cowardly to fight.
Tyrion: Your Grace does me a fine honor.
Joffrey: [Dryly] It's not meant as an honor.
[A brief pause, and Tyrion gets up to take the cup, but Joffrey drops it. As Tyrion bends to pick it up, Joffrey kicks it underneath a table. Everyone stares with disbelief.]
Joffrey: Bring me my goblet.
[Tyrion goes underneath the table searching for the goblet. Sansa picks it up and hands it to Tyrion, who, in turn, hands it to Joffrey.]
Joffrey: What good is an empty cup? Fill it. [Tyrion fills the cup with wine and hands it to Joffrey] Kneel. [Tyrion looks at him] Kneel before your king. [Pause] Kneel. [Pause as Tyrion glares at Joffrey; Getting angry] I said... kneel! [Tyrion keeps glaring at him]
Margaery Tyrell: Look, the pie.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Joffrey Baratheon: (as Tyrion and Sansa try to leave while Joffrey and Margaery are sharing pigeon pie) Uncle. Where are you going? You're my cupbearer, remember?
Tyrion Lannister: I thought I might change out of these wet clothes, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: (with his mouth full) No, no, no. No, you're perfect the way you are. (the Tyrells stare at him in disgust) Serve me my wine. (Tyrion glances at Sansa, then goes to do so) Well, hurry up. This pie is dry. (As Tyrion picks up Joffrey's full goblet, he doesn't notice Olenna staring at it. He hands the cup to Joffrey, who gulps at it as Tyrion walks past him) Mm, good. Needs washing down.
Tyrion Lannister: (turns back towards Joffrey) If it please Your Grace, Lady Sansa is very tired.
Joffrey Baratheon: No. (coughs, points commandingly at Tyrion) No, you'll wait here... (coughs again) un-- (continues coughing)
Tyrion Lannister: (walks back towards Joffrey) Your Grace?
Joffrey Baratheon: (short of breath, he takes a gulp of wine to try and alleviate his coughing) It's nothing.
[Cersei and Tywin both shift in their chairs, realising something is wrong; Joffrey, gasping for breath, turns towards Margaery, who sees the alarm on his face.]
Margaery Tyrell: He's choking!
Olenna Tyrell: Help the poor boy. [Joffrey staggers away from the table, choking frantically.] Idiots, help your king.
Jaime Lannister: Move away! [He pushes his way through the crowd and runs towards Joffrey as he collapses, choking and vomiting.] Joffrey! Joffrey! [He grabs his son by the shoulder and tries to help him up.]
Cersei Lannister: Help him! (shoves past Margaery and runs towards her son) Someone help him!
Jaime Lannister: Joffrey!
[Amid the confusion, court fool Dontos Hollard appears behind Sansa)
Dontos Hollard: (to Sansa) Come with me now.
Cersei Lannister: Joffrey! Joffrey!
('the group at Joffrey's side turn him over as he continues to writhe in agony, his face turning purple, while Cersei repeatedly calls his name. Margaery turns away in horror, Tywin stares down at the scene grimly, moving in front of Tommen to hide the scene from him.)
Dontos Hollard: (to Sansa) If you want to live, we have to leave.
Cersei Lannister: Don't touch him! Joffrey. Please, Joffrey. (still choking, Joffrey stares up at her through a haze of pain) Joffrey, what is it? Help him!
[With his last ounce of strength, Joffrey points to the one whom he thinks killed him- Tyrion, who, ironically, has picked up Joffrey's cup and is sniffing it for traces of poison. Cersei and Jaime both follow his gesture- Cersei with rage, Jaime with disbelief. As Joffrey begins to bleed from his nose and eyes, he wheezes out his last breath and finally dies.]
Cersei Lannister: (bursts into tears of grief) My son.
Man: He's gone. Our king is gone.
Cersei Lannister: (sobbing, she turns to glare at Tyrion) He did this. He poisoned my son, (to the crowd at large) your king. (to the Kingsguard) Take him. Take him! Take him! Take him! (the Kingsguard seize Tyrion as Cersei stares down at Joffrey's body)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tywin Lannister: Your brother is dead. Do you know what that means? [Tommen hesitates in answering] I'm not trying to trick you.
Tommen Baratheon: It means I'll become king.
Tywin Lannister: Yes, you will become king. What kind of king do you think you will be?
Tommen Baratheon: A good king?
Tywin Lannister: I think so as well; you have the right temperament for it. But what makes a good king, hmm? What is a good king's single most important quality?
Cersei Lannister: This is hardly the place or the time-!
Tommen Baratheon: Holiness?
Tywin Lannister: Baelor the Blessed was holy and pious. He built this sept. He also named a six year old boy High Septon because he thought the boy could work miracles. He ended up fasting himself into an early grave because food was of this world and this world was sinful.
Tommen Baratheon: Justice?
Tywin Lannister: A good king must be just. Orys the First was just; everyone applauded his reforms, nobles and commoners alike, but he wasn't just for long. He was murdered in his sleep after less than a year by his own brother. Was that truly just of him, to abandon his subjects to an evil that he was too gullible to recognize?
Tommen Baratheon: No. What about strength?
Tywin Lannister: Yes, strength. King Robert was strong; he won the rebellion and crushed the Targaryen dynasty. And he attended three Small Council meetings in seventeen years of ruling, and he spent his time whoring, hunting and drinking until the last two killed him. So, we have a man who starves himself to death, a man who lets his own brother murder him and a man who thinks winning and ruling are the same thing. What do they all lack?
Tommen Baratheon: Wisdom?
Tywin Lannister: Yes!
Tommen Baratheon: Wisdom is what makes a good king.
Tywin Lannister: Yes. But what is wisdom? A house with great wealth and fertile lands asks you for your protection against another house with a strong navy that could one day oppose you. How do you know which choice is wise and which is not? Any experience of treasuries and granaries? Or shipyards and soldiers?
Tommen Baratheon: No.
Tywin Lannister: Of course not. A wise king knows what he knows and what he doesn't. You're young. A wise young king listens to his councilors and heeds their advice until he comes of age. And the wisest kings continue to listen to them long afterwards. Your brother was not a wise king. Your brother was not a good king. If he had been, he'd probably still be alive.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Pod has come to visit Tyrion in his cell]
Tyrion:...Podrick. Apologies for the stench-
Podrick Payne: I brought you some wine, m'Lord, but they took it from me. (reaches into his boot)
Tyrion Lannister: A noble effort-
Podrick Payne: They didn't find the candles, though (starts laying items on a bench) A quill, some parchment- duck sausage, almonds- and some hard cheese.
Tyrion Lannister:...You're a good lad. (pause) Any word of Shae?
Podrick Payne: (shakes his head) I've heard nothing, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: (nods) I suppose that's a good thing. (Podrick nods, looking nervous) What are they saying about me, out there?
Podrick Payne: You're to stand trial, in a fortnight- for murdering the King.
Tyrion Lannister: Do you believe I murdered Joffrey?
Podrick Payne: (shakes his head firmly) No, m'Lord. You didn't.
Tyrion Lannister: (nods in agreement) No. Gods, no. The world is a better place without him, but I had nothing to do with it. (pause) I'd like to think, if I were planning a Royal assassination, I would arrange it in such a way that I wouldn't be standing there, gawking like a fool when the King died. (Pod smiles) Trial in a fortnight... have they announced the judges yet?
Podrick Payne: (sits down) Your father-
Tyrion Lannister: Of course.
Podrick Payne: Lord Mace Tyrell-
Tyrion Lannister: Who will vote exactly as my father tells him to vote-
Podrick Payne: And Prince Oberyn of Dorne.
Tyrion Lannister: (looks up, surprised) Oberyn? (realizes what Tywin's up to, and laughs) Leave it to my father- never fails to take advantage of a family tragedy.
Podrick Payne: I'm supposed to get a list of names from you, my Lord- anyone who might testify on your behalf.
Tyrion Lannister: (mockingly) Oh! I can call my own witnesses? (Pod nods) How generous of them! Very well- my wife, Sansa.
Podrick Payne: My Lord- she's gone.
Tyrion Lannister: (confused) Gone?
Podrick Payne: (nods) No one's seen her, since the wedding. (Tyrion stares at him, pause) You don't think she-
Tyrion Lannister: (gets up, walks over to the wall) No one had more cause to kill Joffrey than Sansa, but the girl's no assassin. No- whoever killed the King wanted me to lose my head for it- and with my wife's disappearance, it makes me seem that much more guilty. (looks at Pod urgently) Podrick-
Podrick Payne: Yes, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: They'll be following you, now.
Podrick Payne: Who, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: I don't know! They- they! The ominous "They"! The men pulling the strings- or women. My father- maybe Joffrey was too much work for him. Sweet Tommen will be so much easier to handle. (starts pacing back and forth, with Pod watching him) Whenever something bad happens to me, I assume it's my sister that had a hand in it- but say what you will of Cersei, she loves her children. She is the only one I'm certain had nothing to do with this murder... which makes this unique, as King's Landing murders go.
Podrick Payne:...Any other witnesses, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister:...Varys could vouch for me, if he dared.
Podrick Payne: He's already been called as a witness for the Queen.
Tyrion Lannister: (nods) Of course. Fetch Bronn, I have a job for him-
Podrick Payne: I've already asked, m'Lord- they won't let him see you.
Tyrion Lannister: Why not?
Podrick Payne: They say he's a known cutthroat, and your close associate- he's under investigation himself.
Tyrion Lannister: My brother- will they at least allow me to see Jaime?
Podrick Payne: (nods) I'll ask, m'Lord. (Tyrion sits down again, Podrick gets up and goes to the door, but pauses, then comes back over to Tyrion) There's something else, my Lord. (Tyrion looks up at him) A man- I didn't know his face- he came to ask if I'd testify against you. Said I'd be named "Ser Podrick Payne" if I told the judges you bought a poison called "the Strangler".
Tyrion Lannister: "Ser Podrick Payne"? Has a nice ring to it. What did you tell him?
Podrick Payne: (firmly) I didn't tell them anything, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister:...Are you going to accept their offer?
Podrick Payne: (looking shocked that Tyrion would suggest such a thing)...My Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: (urgently) Testifying against me wasn't a suggestion. If they can't tempt you with honey, they'll choose something less sweet.
Podrick Payne: (stubbornly) You've been good to me, my Lord-
Tyrion Lannister: (sharply) Pod. The trial's in a fortnight- they'll want an answer before that.
Podrick Payne: I've already given them my answer, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: (gets up) I will not have you dying on my behalf! Do you hear me?! if I have to take that long walk to the executioner's block, I don't want to see your head already mounted-
Podrick Payne: (almost in tears) My Lord-
Tyrion Lannister: Pod, I am giving you an order. Go and find my brother, tell him I need him- and get yourself out of King's Landing, before it's too late! (Pod looks away sadly) Pod! (Pod looks up at him) This is farewell.
Podrick Payne:... Farewell, my Lord. (turns to leave)
Tyrion Lannister: Pod (Pod turns around)...There has never lived a more loyal squire.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Margaery Tyrell: So am I the queen?
Olenna Tyrell: More than you were with Renly. Less than you would have been if Joffrey had done you the courtesy of consummating the marriage before dying. In any case, this would not be an opportune moment to press the issue.
Margaery Tyrell: Clawing at his own throat, looking to his mother to make it stop... it was horrible.
Olenna Tyrell: The world is overflowing with horrible things. But they're all a tray of cakes next to death. They brought me your grandfather's body when he died, you know? Made me look at it.
Margaery Tyrell: What was it like?
Olenna Tyrell: They took me to the Great Hall and there he was. The man I'd married and suffered to father my children. A great doughy lump I'd sat next to at endless dinners and tedious gatherings. There he was... lying on a table.
Margaery Tyrell: One of my husbands preferred the company of men and was stabbed through the heart. Another was happiest torturing animals and was poisoned at our wedding feast. (laughs bleakly) I must be cursed.
Olenna Tyrell: Nonsense. Your circumstances have improved markedly. You may not have enjoyed watching him die, but you enjoyed it more than you would have enjoyed being married to him, I can promise you that.
Margaery Tyrell: But I would have been the Queen.
Olenna Tyrell: Our alliance with the Lannisters remains every bit as necessary to them as it is unpleasant for us. You did wonderful work on Joffrey. The next one should be easier.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Old Man: We ask the Father to judge us with mercy accepting our human frailty. We ask the Mother to bless our crops so we may feed ourselves and all who come to our door. We ask the Warrior to give us courage in these days of strife and turmoil. We ask the Maiden to protect Sally's virtue to keep her from the clutches of depravity.
Sandor Clegane: You got to do all seven of the fuckers?
Arya Stark: Father!
Old Man: We ask the Smith to strengthen our hands and our backs so we may finish the work required of us. We ask the Crone to guide us on our journey from darkness to darkness.
Sandor Clegane: And we ask the Stranger not to kill us in our beds tonight for no damn reason at all.
Arya Stark: I'm so sorry. [tastes the stew] Really good.
Old Man: Did you fight at the Twins?
Sandor Clegane: Call that a fight? Slaughtering livestock more like.
Old Man: The Red Wedding they're calling it. Walder Frey committed sacrilege that day. He shared bread and salt with the Starks. He offered them guest right.
Sandor Clegane: Guest right don't mean much anymore.
Old Man: It means something to me. The gods will have their vengeance. Frey will burn in the seventh hell for what he did.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Alliser Thorne: (in response to calls for reprisals against the Wildling raids) If we go after them, we'll be giving them what they want. They want to draw us out, pick us off a few at a time.
Maester Aemon Targaryen: We have just over 100 men- and that's including Stewards, Builders... and me. We cannot afford to lose a single man. We must remember our first responsibility- we are the Watchers on the Wall. (Jon nods, the other Brothers and the escaped villagers look upset)
Pyp: There's got to be a way to protect them. (Thorne glares at him)
Alliser Thorne:...You're a champion of the common people, Lord Snow. What do you say to Brother Pyp's proposition?
Jon Snow:...Mance Rayder is coming. If the Wildlings breach the Wall, they'll roll over everything and everyone for a thousand miles before they reach an army that can stop them. (Pyp looks away, defeated)
Alliser Thorne: We need to shore up Castle Black, and we need to defend the Wall. That is our job. (suddenly, a horn sounds once from outside)
Pyp: Rangers returning! (they all rush outside)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Grenn and Edd, both frigid and exhausted, have returned from Craster's Keep]
Alliser Thorne: What took you so long?
Grenn: We were held up.
Alliser Thorne: By what?
Grenn: Chains. (shows the welts on his wrists)
Dolorous Edd: (shivering) We were guests of the mutineers at Craster's Keep-
Jon Snow: (urgently) Are the mutineers dead?
Grenn: They're not going anywhere. They've got Craster's food, and Craster's wives. (Jon steps back, pondering their words)
Dolorous Edd: Poor girls- never thought they'd miss their daddy.
Grenn: Karl's running things now. He's the one, put a knife through Craster's mouth.
Jon Snow: (turns around) We need to ride north, and kill them all.
Alliser Thorne: We just went over this, boy- justice can wait.
Jon Snow: It's not about justice! (pause) I told the Wildlings we had over a thousand men at Castle Black alone. (Thorne turns to face him) Karl and the others know the truth, as well as we do. How long do you think they'll keep that information to themselves when the Wildlings are peeling their fingernails off? (pause, he and Thorne face each other) Mance has all he needs to crush us- he just doesn't know it yet. As soon as he gets his hands on them, he will. Then, he'll throw his full strength at us- and even if every one of us kills a hundred Wildlings, there's still not a thing we can do to stop them! (Thorne looks away, considering his words)
Pyp:...I don't think I can kill a hundred Wildlings.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Davos Seaworth: Westeros is not the world, Your Grace. We need to look east for ships and men. 10,000 skilled soldiers fight for the Golden Company.
Stannis Baratheon: [disgusted] The Golden Company?
Davos Seaworth: They've never broken a contract.
Stannis Baratheon: They're sellswords.
Davos Seaworth: We're willing to use blood magic to put you on the throne, but we're not willing to pay men to fight? Now the Red Woman's magic is real. Her visions and prophecies may be, too, but I've never heard of visions and prophecies winning a war. Soldiers win wars. Soldiers on the ground. It's dirty on the ground.
Stannis Baratheon: We don't have any gold.
Davos Seaworth: Not yet.
Stannis Baratheon: If I do not press my claim, my claim will be forgotten. I will not become a page in someone else's history book. I'm running out of time, Ser Davos. Which means you're running out of time.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Oberyn Martell: I'm sorry about your grandson.
Tywin Lannister: Are you?
Oberyn Martell: I don't believe that a child is responsible for the sins of his father- or his grandfather. An awful way to die...
Tywin Lannister: Which way is that?
Oberyn Martell: Are you interrogating me, Lord Tywin?
Tywin Lannister: Some believe the king choked.
Oberyn Martell: Some believe the sky is blue because we live inside the eye of a blue-eyed giant. The king was poisoned.
Tywin Lannister: I hear you studied poisons at the Citadel.
Oberyn Martell: I did. This is why I know.
Tywin Lannister: Your hatred for my family is...rather well known. You arrive in the capital, an expert in poisoning; some days later, my grandson dies of poisoning.
Oberyn Martell: Rather suspicious. Why haven't you thrown me in a dungeon?
Tywin Lannister: You spoke with Tyrion in this very brothel on the day you arrived. What did you discuss?
Oberyn Martell: [amused] You think we conspired together?
Tywin Lannister: What did you discuss?
Oberyn Martell: The death of my sister. [approaches Tywin menacingly]
Tywin Lannister: For which you blame me.
Oberyn Martell: [angrily] She was raped and murdered by the Mountain. The Mountain follows your orders. Of course I blame you.
Tywin Lannister: [cocks an eyebrow] I stand before you unarmed, unguarded. Should I be worried?
Oberyn Martell: [smiles coldly] You are unarmed and unguarded because you know me better than that. I'm a man of reason; if I slit your throat today, I will be drawn and quartered tomorrow.
Tywin Lannister: Men at war commit all kinds of crimes, without their superiors' knowledge.
Oberyn Martell: So you're denying involvement in Elia's murder?
Tywin Lannister: Categorically. [long pause, then Oberyn turns away]
Oberyn Martell: I would like to speak with the Mountain.
Tywin Lannister: [raises his eyebrows again, smiles] I'm sure he would enjoy speaking with you.
Oberyn Martell: He might not enjoy it as he thinks he would.
Tywin Lannister: I could arrange for this meeting-
Oberyn Martell: But you want something in return.
Tywin Lannister: There will be a trial for my son and as custom dictates, three judges will render a verdict. I will preside, Mace Tyrell will serve as the second judge and I would like you to be the third.
Oberyn Martell: Why?
Tywin Lannister: Not long ago, the Tyrells sided with Renly Baratheon, declared themselves enemies of the throne; now they are our strongest allies-
Oberyn Martell: Well, you made the Tyrell girl a Queen. Asking me to judge at your son's trial isn't quite as tempting.
Tywin Lannister: I will also invite you to sit on the Small Council, to serve as one of the new king's principal advisors. [Oberyn sips his wine, then turns around]
Oberyn Martell: I never realized you had such respect for Dorne, Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: We are not Seven Kingdoms until Dorne returns to the fold. The king is dead, the Greyjoys are in open rebellion, a wildling army marches on the Wall and in the East, a Targaryen girl has three dragons. Before long, she will turn her eyes to Westeros. Only the Dornish managed to resist Aegon Targaryen and his dragons.
Oberyn Martell: [grins] You're saying you need us? That must be hard for you to admit.
Tywin Lannister: We need each other. You help me serve justice to the King's assassins... and I will help you serve justice to Elia's. [Offers Oberyn his hand to shake]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[A single rider has ridden out of Meereen to meet Daenerys and her army]
Daenerys Targaryen: What is he doing?
Barristan Selmy: I believe he means to...
[The Mereen Champion pisses on the ground, while shouting in Giscari]
Missandei: He says that we're an army of men without man parts. He claims you are no woman at all, but a man who... hides his cock in his own arsehole.
Barristan Selmy: Ignore him, Your Grace. These are meaningless words.
Jorah Mormont: They're not meaningless if half the city you intend to take is listening to them.
Daenerys Targaryen:I have something to say to the people of Meereen. [points to the shouting champion] First, I will need this one to be quiet. Do I have a champion?
Grey Worm: (in Valyrian) Allow me, Mother of Dragons. I will not disappoint you.
Daenerys Targaryen: (in Valyrian) You are the commander of my Unsullied- I cannot risk you. (Grey Worm nods)
Barristan Selmy: Your Grace, I've won more single combats than any man alive-
Daenerys Targaryen: Which is why you must remain by my side. (Ser Barristan nods ruefully)
Jorah Mormont: I've been by your side longer than any of them, Khaleesi. Let me stand for you today as well.
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles and shakes her head) You're my most trusted adviser, my most valued general and my dearest friend- I will not gamble with your life.
Daario Naharis: (steps forward) I was the last to join your army. I'm not your General, or a member of your Queensguard, or the commander of your Unsullied. My mother was a whore; I come from nothing- and, before long, I will return to nothing. Let me kill this man for you.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sizes him up) Very well. (turns back towards Meereen) You have quite an audience- make it worth their while. (Daario strides towards the Meereenese champion)
Missandei:..He is very brave, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes. Win or lose... as long as the whole city is watching.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
After Daario has effortless dispatched Mereen's champion, Daenerys addresses the slaves of Meereen
Daenerys Targaryen: I am Daenerys Stormborn. Your Masters may have told you lies about me, or they may have told you nothing. It does not matter. I have nothing to say to them. I only speak to you. First, I went to Astapor. Those who were slaves in Astapor, now stand behind me, free. Next I went to Yunkai. Those who were slaves in Yunkai, now stand behind me, free. Now I have come to Meereen. I am not your enemy. Your enemy is beside you. Your enemy steals and murders your children. Your enemy has nothing for you but chains and suffering, and commands. I do not bring you commands. I bring you a choice. And I bring your enemies what they deserve.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Mossador: You heard her. She said she came to free us!
Old slave: You're a fool. The Masters are too strong.
Mossador: She will protect us. She defeated the Masters' champion. She has a great army. You want to live the rest of your life in chains?
Adult slave: I want to live. You saw what they did to those children. What do you think they'll do to us?
Old slave: I've been through two slave revolts, boy. They always end the same way: the Masters in power and the slaves dead.
Grey Worm: All men must die. But I promise you, a single day of freedom is worth more than a lifetime in chains.
Old slave: Who are you?
Grey Worm: This one is called Grey Worm. I was taken as a baby by the Masters of Astapor, raised and trained as Unsullied. Now I fight for Daenerys, the Mother of Dragons and Breaker of Chains.
Old slave: You are Unsullied? They taught you how to fight before you could walk. We are not soldiers!
Adult slave: We have no training, no weapons.
Grey Worm and the Unsullied dump bags filled with swords on the ground.
Grey Worm: There are three slaves in this city for every Master. No one can give you your freedom, brothers. If you want it, you must take it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Daenerys Targaryen: Remind me, Ser Jorah, how many children did the Great Masters nail to mileposts?
Jorah Mormont: 163, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes, that was it. [nods to the Unsullied]
Barristan Semly: Your Grace, may I have a word? The city is yours. All these people, they're your subjects now. Sometimes it is better to answer injustice with mercy.
Daenerys Targaryen: I will answer injustice with justice.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jaime Lannister: What the hell was that?
Bronn: That was me knocking your ass to the dirt with your own hand.
Jaime Lannister: You're a rare talent. When you're fighting cripples, anyway.
Bronn: You learned to fight like a good little boy. I'll bet that thrust through the Mad King's back was pretty as a picture. You want to fight pretty or you want to win?
Jaime Lannister: You talk to my brother this way?
Bronn: All the time. He got used to it.
Jaime Lannister: Do you think he did it?
Bronn: No. Oh, he hated the little twat, sure. But who didn't? And poison's not his style. Or murder, for that matter. You want to know for sure, why don't you ask him? You haven't been to see him yet, eh?
Jaime Lannister: We're done for today.
Bronn: Your brother ever tell you how I came into his service?
Jaime Lannister: You stood for him in his trial by combat at the Eyrie.
Bronn: Aye. But only when Lady Arryn demanded the trial take place that day. You were his first choice. He named you for his champion because he knew you would ride day and night to come fight for him. You gonna fight for him now?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jaime Lannister: To tell you the truth, this isn't so bad. Four walls. A pot to piss in. I was chained to a wooden post covered in my own shit for months.
Tyrion Lannister: Is that supposed to make me feel better?
Jaime Lannister: Maybe a bit. I'm sorry I didn't come sooner.
Tyrion Lannister: It's complicated, yes. So how is our sister?
Jaime Lannister: How do you think? Her son died in her arms.
Tyrion Lannister: Her son?
Jaime Lannister: Don't. [Pause] You know what's coming?
Tyrion Lannister: My trial for regicide. Yes, I know. I know the whole bloody country thinks I'm guilty. I know that one of my three judges has wished me dead more times than I can count. And that judge is my father. As for Cersei, well, she's probably working on a way to avoid a trial altogether by having me killed.
Jaime Lannister: Now that you mention it, she did ask.
Tyrion Lannister: So, should I turn around and close my eyes?
Jaime Lannister: Depends. Did you do it?
Tyrion Lannister: The Kingslayer brothers. You like it? I like it. You're really asking if I killed your son?
Jaime Lannister: Are you really asking if I'd kill my brother? How can I help you?
Tyrion Lannister: Well, you could set me free.
Jaime Lannister: You know I can't.
Tyrion Lannister: Then there's really nothing else to say.
Jaime Lannister: What do you want me to do? Kill the guards? Sneak you out of the city in the back of a cart? I'm the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
Tyrion Lannister: Sorry, I'd forgotten. I'd hate for you to do something inappropriate.
Jaime Lannister: Inappropriate? You're accused of killing the king. Freeing you is treason.
Tyrion Lannister: Except I didn't do it.
Jaime Lannister: Which is why we're having a trial.
Tyrion Lannister: A trial. If the killer threw himself before the Iron Throne, confessed to his crimes, and gave irrefutable evidence of his guilt, it wouldn't matter to Cersei. She won't rest until my head's on a spike.
Jaime Lannister: Not just yours. She's offering a knighthood to whomever finds Sansa Stark.
Tyrion Lannister: Sansa couldn't have done this.
Jaime Lannister: She had more reason than anyone in the Seven Kingdoms. Do you think it's a coincidence she disappeared the same night Joffrey died?
Tyrion Lannister: No, but... Sansa's not a killer. Not yet, anyway.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sansa Stark: (looks up as Littlefinger comes down the stairs to her cabin) Where are you taking me?
Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish: "I'm getting married to your aunt, Lhysa- she's waiting for us at the Eyrie. You'll be safe there. (Sansa gives him a doubtful expression, looking around her)
Sansa Stark:...Did you kill Joffrey?
Petyr Baelish: (smiles) Did I kill Joffrey? I've been in the Vale, for weeks.
Sansa Stark: I know it was you.
Petyr Baelish: (gives her a mocking smile) And who helped me with this conspiracy?
Sansa Stark:...Well, there was Ser Dontos...You used him to get me out of King's Landing, but you would never trust him to kill the King.
Petyr Baelish: (smiles, winks approvingly) Why not?
Sansa Stark:...Because you're too smart to trust a drunk.
Petyr Baelish: Then, perhaps it was your husband.
Sansa Stark: No.
Petyr Baelish: How do you know?
Sansa Stark:...I just do.
Petyr Baelish: (nods slowly) You're right. He wasn't involved in Joffrey's death- but you were. (Sansa stares at him) Do you remember that lovely necklace Dontos gave you? I don't suppose you noticed that a stone was missing, after the feast...
Sansa Stark: The poison. (Baelish smiles) I don't understand! The Lannisters gave you wealth, power- Joffrey made you the Lord of Harrenhal!
Petyr Baelish: (shrugs) A man with no motive is a man no one suspects. Always keep your foes confused. If they don't know who you are, or what you want- they can't know what you plan to do next.
Sansa Stark:...I don't believe you. If they catch you, they'll put your head on a spike, just like my father's. You'd risk that, just to confuse them?
Petyr Baelish: (smiles and steps towards her) So many men- they risk so little. They spend their lives avoiding danger. And then they die. (puts his hand on her shoulder) I'd risk everything... to get what I want.
Sansa Stark:...And what do you want?
Petyr Baelish: ( strokes her arm for a moment) Everything. (turns away) My friendship with the Lannisters was productive... but Joffrey? A vicious boy with a crown on his head- He's not a reliable ally. Who could trust a friend like that?
Sansa Stark: Who could trust you?
Petyr Baelish: I don't want friends like me. My new friends are predictable, very reasonable people. As for what happened to Joffrey, well... that was something my new friends wanted, very badly. Nothing like a thoughtful gift to make a new friendship grow strong.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Margaery Tyrell: I can't believe you're going. Leaving me with these people!
Olenna Tyrell: The time has come, my dear. There's nothing more tedious than a trial... except perhaps these gardens. If I have to take one more leisurely stroll through the gardens, I'll fling myself from the cliffs. (Margaery giggles) Have you been to see Tommen yet?
Margaery Tyrell: No. Have they even agreed to the match? No one tells me anything. (they sit down)
Olenna Tyrell: I wasn't originally engaged to marry your grandfather Luthor, you know. He was engaged to marry my sister, your great-aunt Viola. I was engaged to marry some Targaryen or other- marrying a Targaryen was all the rage, back then. But, the moment I saw my intended- with his twitchy little ferret's face and ludicrous silver hair- I knew he wouldn't do. So- the evening before Luthor was to propose to my sister, I got lost on my way back from my embroidery lesson and happened upon his chambers. (Margaery grins with her) How absent-minded of me.
Margaery Tyrell: Mm-hmm.
Olenna Tyrell: The following morning, Luthor never made it down the stairs to propose to my sister, because the boy couldn't bloody walk. (Margaery laughs) And once he could, the only thing he wanted was what I'd given him, the night before. (looks pointedly at her granddaughter and takes her hand) I was good. I was very, very good. You are even better, but you need to act quickly. Cersei may be vicious, but she's not stupid- she'll turn the boy against you as soon as she can- and by the time you're married, it'll be too late. (pause) Luckily for you, the Queen Regent is rather distracted at the moment, mourning her dear departed boy. Accusing her brother of his murder- which, he didn't commit. (scoffs)
Margaery Tyrell: (frowns) Well, he could have done.
Olenna Tyrell: (shakes her head) Oh, he could have done, but he didn't.
Margaery Tyrell: You don't know, Grandmother.
Olenna Tyrell: (gives her a direct look) But I do know. (Margaery stares at her in shock, realizing Olenna was the one who poisoned Joffrey) You don't think I'd have let you marry that beast, do you?
Margaery Tyrell: What- I don't understand-
Olenna Tyrell: Shhhh. (adjusts Margaery's necklace) Don't you worry yourself about all that. (pause) You just do what needs to be done.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
(In the late King Joffrey's bedchamber, Tommen tosses and turns. He wakes to find himself staring at a mounted boar's head Joffrey had once killed with an arrow. He turns to his right side to find his pet cat, Ser Pounce, is missing.)
Tommen Baratheon: (startled) Ser Pounce? (pause, sits up as he notices approaching torchlight from the entrance of his chambers, only to find it is Margaery holding a candle.) How did you get past the Kingsguard?
Margaery Tyrell: (teasingly, as she approaches the bed) Kingsguard?
Tommen Baratheon: I...don't think you're supposed to be here. Mother doesn't allow me to have visitors at night.
Margaery Tyrell: (whispers as she lights the candles on Tommen's bedside) I'm not a visitor, Your Grace. Word has it I'm to be your bride. Did you know that people in arranged marriages often never meet until their wedding day? (sits on his bedside) Before we decide to spend our lives together, we ought to get to know one another, don't you think?
Tommen Baratheon: (pause) Yes. But if my mother found out-
Margaery Tyrell: It can be our secret, hmm? If we're going to be man and wife, we'll have a few secrets from her, I hope. So, your Grace...
Tommen Baratheon: ...Yes?
Margaery Tyrell: Tell me a secret. (laughs as Ser Pounce hops up onto the bed) Hello! Aren't you a proper fellow?
Tommen Baratheon: That's Ser Pounce.
Margaery Tyrell: Very handsome.
Tommen Baratheon: Joffrey didn't like him. He threatened to skin him alive and mix his innards up in my food so I wouldn't know I was eating him.
Margaery Tyrell: That's very cruel. (looks at Tommen thoughtfully) You don't strike me as cruel.
Tommen Baratheon: No. I don't think I am.
Margaery Tyrell: That's a relief. Because you know what happens when we marry?
Tommen Baratheon: (didactically) We say our vows in front of the High Septon, and after the ceremony, there's a feast-
Margaery Tyrell: (chuckles) When we marry, I become yours. Forever. (pause) It's getting late. I should go. May I come and visit you again? (Tommen nods nervously, Margaery chuckles again) Alright. (leans forward) Remember, our little secret.
(Margaery moves in as if to kiss Tommen on the lips, but teasingly pecks his brow instead. She picks up her candle and walks out of his chambers, leaving Tommen to consider the moment.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Brienne of Tarth: (reading from "The History of the Kingsguard") "Ser Jaime Lannister. Knighted and named to the Kingsguard in his sixteenth year. At the Sack of King's Landing, murdered his King, Aerys the Second. Pardoned by Robert Baratheon; thereafter known as Ser Kingslayer." (looks up at Jaime, who is pacing around the table)
Jaime Lannister:...It's the duty of the Lord Commander to fill those pages... (glances over at the Valyrian steel sword given to him by Tywin) And there's still room left on mine. (he hefts the sword, balancing it awkwardly on his maimed arm, and hands it to Brienne, who examines it carefully)
Brienne of Tarth: ...Valyrian steel. (Jaime nods)
Jaime Lannister:...It's yours.
Brienne of Tarth: (looks up sharply) I can't accept-
Jaime Lannister: It's reforged from Ned Stark's sword. (Brienne stares at him, then back at the sword) We'll use it to defend Ned Stark's daughter. We swore an oath... to return the Stark girls to their mother.(grimly) Lady Stark's dead. Arya's probably dead, too, but there's still a chance to find Sansa, and get her somewhere safe. (pause) I've got something else for you. (walks around her and pulls a curtain off a specially made suit of armor; amazed, Brienne comes over to examine it) I hope I got your measurements right.
Brienne of Tarth: I'll find her. For Lady Catelyn. (Jaime nods) And for you.
Jaime Lannister: I almost forgot. I have one more gift.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Jaime has gifted Tyrion's former squire, Podrick Payne, to Brienne before her departure from King's Landing]
Brienne of Tarth: (sharply) I don't need a squire. (Pod and Bronn looks on awkwardly)
Jaime Lannister: (amused) Of course you do!
Brienne of Tarth: He'll slow me down!
Jaime Lannister: (urgently) My brother owes him a debt; he's not safe here. You'll be keeping him from harm- it's chivalry.
Podrick Payne: I won't slow you down, Ser- (they both look at him)...Milady. I- I promise I'll serve you well.
Jaime Lannister: See? He's a good lad, you'll get along. (Brienne looks reluctant)
Bronn: (claps Pod on the shoulder and offers him a short, double-bladed axe) Compliments of Lord Tyrion- his axe, from the Blackwater. (Pod, moved, takes the axe and examines it, smiling) What're you waitin' for, a kiss? Ready the lady's horse. (Pod hastily goes to do so, Jaime walks up to Brienne)
Jaime Lannister: (smiles) They say, the best swords have names. Any ideas?
Brienne of Tarth: Oathkeeper. (Jaime nods, long pause)
Jaime Lannister: Goodbye, Brienne.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
High Septon: May the Warrior grant him courage and protect him in these dark times. May the Smith grant him strength, that he might bear this heavy burden. And may the Crone, she that knows the fate of all men, show him the path he must walk and guide him through the dark places that lie ahead. In the light of the Seven, I now proclaim Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. [crowns Tommen] Long may he reign!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
(Cersei comes to join Margaery, who eyes her warily)
Margaery Tyrell: (coolly) Your Grace?
Cersei Lannister: (they both watch her son Tommen) There he is.
Margaery Tyrell: Long may he reign.
Cersei Lannister: 'Long may he reign.'
Margaery Tyrell: He sits the Throne like he was born to it.
Cersei Lannister: Yes. He wasn't, though, was he?
Margaery Tyrell: No, he wasn't.
Cersei Lannister: You still mourn for Joffrey? (touches Margaery's black mantle)
Margaery Tyrell: He was my husband, my King.
Cersei Lannister: He would have been your nightmare.
Margaery Tyrell: (pause) Your Grace, I-
Cersei Lannister: You knew exactly what he was. I did, too. You never love anything in the world the way you love your first child. It doesn't matter what they do. And what he did, it shocked me. Do you think I'm easily shocked?
Margaery Tyrell: No.
Cersei Lannister: The things he did shocked me. (Margaery glances at her, then they both look towards Tommen) He's only a boy. A good boy, a decent boy, he always has been. Who was the last decent king, I wonder?... He could be the first man to sit on that throne in fifty years to actually deserve it.
Margaery Tyrell: (nods) It would be some consolation, wouldn't it? For all the horror that put him there.
Cersei Lannister: He will need help... if he's going to rule well. (looks pointedly at Margaery)
Margaery Tyrell: He has you. (ducks her head respectfully)
Cersei Lannister: A mother is not enough. You're still interested in being Queen, I take it?
Margaery Tyrell: (scoffs) After all that's happened? (Cersei continues looking at her pointedly) It sounds strange, I know, but I haven't given any thought to it. What comes next. (she meets Cersei's gaze) It would be a great honor, of course. But I will have to speak to my father about it. (she watches Mace Tyrell talking to someone in the hall)
Cersei Lannister: Yes, speak to your father. I'll speak to mine. (watches Tywin, standing next to Tommen's throne.)
Margaery Tyrell: (leans close to Cersei conspiratorially) We may be faced with an alarming number of weddings soon. (they both smile, amused) I won't even know what to call you. Sister, or Mother? (Cersei's smile fades as she looks away, remembering her betrothal to Loras)
________________________________________
Jorah Mormont: Joffrey Baratheon is dead. Murdered at his own wedding. (Daenerys stares at him in amazement)
Barristan Selmy: And we've taken the Meereenese Navy, Your Grace.
Daario Naharis: The Second Sons took the Meereenese Navy.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sharply) Who told you to take their Navy?
Daario Naharis: No one.
Daenerys Targaryen: So why did you do it?
Daario Naharis: I heard you like ships. (shrugs at Selmy as Daenerys turns away)
Daenerys Targaryen: How many ships?
Barristan Selmy: Ninety-three, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many men can they carry?
Barristan Selmy: Ninety-three hundred, not counting sailors.
Daenerys Targaryen: (looks to Jorah Mormont) Would that be enough to take King's Landing?
Jorah Mormont: The Lannisters have more.
Barristan Selmy: (confidently) They've been fighting Joffrey's mad wars for years. They're tired, dispersed, and now their King is dead. (Daario Naharis nods) 8,000 Unsullied and 2,000 Second Sons sail into Blackwater Bay, storm the gates without warning... (Dany continues to look to Jorah)
Jorah Mormount: It's hard to say. Could be enough... but we're not fighting to make you Queen of King's Landing. Ten thousand men cannot conquer Westeros.
Barristan Selmy: The old Houses will flock to our Queen when she crosses the Narrow Sea.
Jorah Mormount: The old Houses will flock to whichever side they think will win, as they always have. (stands up) There's other news, from Yunkai. Without the Unsullied to enforce your rule, the Wise Masters have re-taken control of the city. They've re-enslaved what freed men have stayed behind and sworn to take revenge against you. (Daenerys turns away) And in Astapor, the council you installed to rule over the city has been overthrown by a butcher named Cleon, who's declared himself 'His Imperial Majesty'.
Daenerys Targaryen: (to her council) Please leave me. (they begin to leave) Not you, Jorah. (Jorah comes back) It appears my liberation of Slaver's Bay isn't going quite as planned.
Jorah Mormont: You could sail for Westeros and leave it all behind. A boy sits on the Iron Throne, a boy whom many believe to be a bastard with no right to it. They have never been more vulnerable.
Daenerys Targaryen: You counceled me against rashness in Qarth. I didn't listen, but all worked out well. (pause) How can I rule seven Kingdoms if I can't control Slaver's Bay? Why should anyone trust me? Why should anyone follow me?! (turns away)
Jorah Mormont: You're a Targaryen. You're the Mother of Dragons.
Daenerys Targaryen: I need to be more than that. (turns around again) I will not let those I have freed slide back into chains. I will not sail for Westeros.
Jorah Mormont: What, then?
Daenerys Targaryen: I will do what Queens do. I will rule.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tywin Lannister: When will the wedding take place, in your mind?
Cersei Lannister: As soon as decency permits. After we've allowed Tommen the appropriate time to mourn his brother... and Margaery, to mourn her husband.
Tywin Lannister: A fortnight?
Cersei Lannister: That seems reasonable.
Tywin Lannister: (nods) No jugglers, no jousting dwarves, no seventy-seven-course meals. (Cersie nods assent) And your wedding to Loras?
Cersei Lannister: (glares at him)... Shortly after Tommen's.
Tywin Lannister: (suspicious) Shortly?
Cersei Lannister: (impatiently) A fortnight.
Tywin Lannister: (nods, satisfied) I know you don't like them. (smiles wryly) I didn't like your husband- he used to pat me on the back a lot. I didn't trust him.
Cersei Lannister: We had that in common.
Tywin Lannister: You don't need to make formal alliances with people you trust.
Cersei Lannister: And whom can we trust?
Tywin Lannister: Ourselves, alone. (stands up, pours wine) The Tyrells are our only true rivals in terms of resources and we need them on our side. (passes Cersei a goblet)
Cersei Lannister: Robert wasn't particularly rich.
Tywin Lannister: (scornfully) Robert had me funding him. (pours himself wine) Wars swallowed gold like a pit in the earth.
Cersei Lannister: I suppose that explains why we did so well in the last one. (takes a drink)
Tywin Lannister: D'you know how much gold was mined in the Westerlands, this past year?
Cersei Lannister: (deadpan) Haven't a clue.
Tywin Lannister: Go on. Your best guess.
Cersei Lannister: Pounds, tons, ounces?
Tywin Lannister: (grimly) Doesn't matter. The answer's the same.
Cersei Lannister: (stares at him) That can't be.
Tywin Lannister: Our last working goldmine ran dry three years ago.
Cersei Lannister: (pause) Then how do we pay for anything?
Tywin Lannister: The Crown owes the Iron Bank of Braavos a tremendous amount of money. (walks back to his desk)
Cersei Lannister: How much?
Tywin Lannister: A tremendous amount. (sits down)
Cersei Lannister: There must be someone at the Iron Bank that you can speak to. Come to some arrangement.
Tywin Lannister: (impatiently) The Iron Bank is the Iron Bank; there is no someone. (takes a drink)
Cersei Lannister: (also impatiently) Someone does work there, it is comprised of people-
Tywin Lannister: And a temple is comprised of stones; one stone crumbles, and another takes its place and the temple holds its form for a thousand years or more. And that's what the Iron Bank is. A temple. We all live in its shadow, and almost none of us know it. You can't run from them, you can't cheat them, you can't sway them with excuses. If you owe them money and you don't want to crumble yourself, you pay it back. (pause) Vesting the Tyrells in the Crown will help a great deal, in this respect.
Cersei Lannister: (nods) It's for the good of the family, I understand that. (pause) I'm not sure my brothers do. (drinks)
Tywin Lannister: I know you're building a strong case against Tyrion and as a mother that is your right. But as a judge, I cannot discuss the trial with you.
Cersei Lannister: (shrugs hastily) I respect that we don't need to discuss it. (sets down her goblet, stands up) The Lannister legacy is the only thing that matters. You've started wars to protect this family, turned your back on Jaime for refusing to contribute to it's future. What does Tyrion deserve, for lighting that future on fire? (She walks out, Tywin watches her)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Lysa Arryn: What took you so long?
Petyr Baelish: Arranging for the ascension of King Tommen I, extricating Sansa, getting her here alive.
Lysa Arryn: She's here. We've spent more than enough time on her for one evening. Let's get married tonight.
Petyr Baelish: Ought we not inform the Lords of the Vale about the ceremony?
Lysa Arryn: There's only one Lord of the Vale. The others can all hang. Lurking and simpering on the stairs like buzzards the moment my husband died, trying to get their claws in me.
Petyr Baelish:I do think that we could wait until-
Lysa Arryn: I'm done waiting, Petyr. We had our wedding night many years ago. Or don't you remember?
Petyr Baelish: Like it was yesterday.
Lysa Arryn: What wife would do for you the things I've done for you? What wife would trust you the way I've trusted you? When you gave me those drops and told me to pour them into Jon's wine, my husband's wine- when you told me to write a letter to Cat telling her it was the Lannisters--
[Petyr interrupts Lysa by kissing her passionatly]
Petyr Baelish: The deed is done. Faded into nothing. Only speaking of it can make it real. Tonight it is, then. Let me bathe and dress for the occasion. Once I'm presentable, I'll call on the septon immediately.
[Lysa opens the doors, revealing a septon]
Lysa Arryn: I'm warning you. I'm going to scream when my husband makes love to me. I'm going to scream so loud, they'll hear me clear across the Narrow Sea.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Oberyn Martell: (As he is writing in the gardens, Cersei appears; as she and her Lannister guardsmen approach, he glances at them and sets down his quill) Your Grace. (stands up, half-bows)
Cersei Lannister: (smiles) Prince Oberyn. (indicates the paper) Writing letters?
Oberyn Martell: A poem, actually.
Cersei Lannister: (nods) May I show you the gardens?
Oberyn Martell: (smiles wryly) I couldn't very well refuse a royal escort.
Cersei Lannister: (smiles) No, you couldn't. (they walk through the royal gardens, the guards trailing them at a distance) I didn't realize you were a poet.
Oberyn Martell: Not a very good one, I'm afraid.
Cersei Lannister: For your paramour?
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) For one of my daughters.
Cersei Lannister': You have several, don't you?
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) Eight.
Cersei Lannister: (chuckles) Eight? Eight daughters...
Oberyn Martell: The fifth is difficult. I named her after my sister, Elia.
Cersei Lannister: Beautiful name.
Oberyn Martell: Yes- but I can't say it without turning sad. And, after I turn sad... I grow angry.
Cersei Lannister: (raises an eyebrow) Perhaps that's why she's difficult. (pause) The Gods love their stupid jokes, don't they?
Oberyn Martell: Which joke is that?
Cersei Lannister: You're a Prince of Dorne- a legendary fighter, a brilliant man feared throughout Westeros... but you could not save your sister. I am a Lannister, a Queen for nineteen years, daughter of the most powerful man alive, but I could not save my son. What good is power, if you cannot protect the ones you love?
Oberyn Martell: We can avenge them.
Cersei: Yes- we can avenge them. (they reach the coastal cliffs)
Oberyn Martell: (skeptically) You really believe Tyrion murdered your son?
Cersei Lannister: (meets his eyes) I know he did.
Oberyn Martell: Well, we will have a trial, and then we will learn the truth.
Cersei Lannister: We'll have a trial, anyway. (pause) I haven't seen my daughter in over a year.
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) The last time I saw her, she was swimming with two of my girls in the Water Gardens... laughing in the sun.
Cersei Lannister: (nods slowly) I want to believe that. I want to believe... she's happy.
Oberyn Martell: (gently) You have my word. (pause) We don't hurt little girls, in Dorne.
Cersei Lannister: (sadly,bitterly)... Everywhere in the world, they hurt little girls. (Oberyn looks away, unable to deny it; there is an awkward pause) Would you bring her a gift, from me? (Oberyn looks at her) I wasn't there for her Nameday... I don't know when I'll see her again.
Oberyn Martell: Anything at all. (Cersei points to a small ship with gold-striped sails, in the harbor)
Cersei Lannister: The best shipwrights in King's Landing have been working on it for months (smiles tearfully)...Myrcella loves the open water.
Oberyn Martell: I will have it sailed down to Sunspear for her.
Cersei Lannister: (voice breaking) Please tell her... her mother misses her, very much. (She nods to Oberyn and walks away with her escort; Oberyn stares after her with a conflicted expression)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Lysa Arryn: Your mother always had a sweet tooth, you know?
Sansa Stark: Really?
Lysa Arryn: Oh, yes. At suppertime, she would go straight for honey cakes, candied almonds, custard. Anything sweet. Eventually, your grandfather had to assign a septa to watch her at meals. Cat was the firstborn daughter after all. It was important that she remain desirable so Father could arrange a good match for her and she was starting to get fat.
Sansa Stark: [incredulous] My mother fat? She never let me have my pudding until I'd finished all my proper food.
Lysa Arryn: This is before she married your father and moved to the North. By the time you were born, your father's austerity had become hers. Marriage changes people. [notices Sansa has stopped eating] I didn't mean for you to stop. Go on, enjoy them. How do you like them?
Sansa Stark: They're delicious. Where did you get the lemons? You can't grow them up here.
Lysa Arryn: Oh, gods, no. Petyr had three crates brought all the way from King's Landing. He knew you liked lemon cakes.
Sansa Stark: He's so kind.
Lysa Arryn: He really cares for you. Think where you'd be without him. In their clutches and tried for murder.
Sansa Stark: Yes. I'm very lucky.
Lysa Arryn: He feels responsible for you.
Sansa Stark: Oh, I know he does. I'm so grateful.
Lysa Arryn: [sharply] Why? Why does he feel responsible for you?
Sansa Stark: Well, I'm half Tully. He loved your... family so much.
Lysa Arryn: Loved your mother.
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: That's what you wanted to say.
Sansa Stark: He loves you, Aunt Lysa. He's married to you.
Lysa Arryn: Your mother never loved him. Never. Cat always went straight for the sweetest thing. The most obvious thing. Your Uncle Brandon. Your handsome, arrogant, cruel Uncle Brandon. He almost killed Petyr in a duel. And your mother loved him anyway. And now Petyr is risking his life to save you, the daughter of a woman who didn't love him no more than those whores in his brothels. Has he told you about them?
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: He hasn't told you about the vile things they do with their bodies? [squeezes Sansa's hands] The vile things they let him do with their bodies?
Sansa Stark: No, never.
Lysa Arryn: Are you pregnant?
Sansa Stark: What? No, I told you. Lord Tyrion and I never-
Lysa Arryn: I wasn't asking about Tyrion. What have you let Petyr do with your body?
Sansa Stark: Aunt Lysa, no, I-
Lysa Arryn: Your young, pretty body.
Sansa Stark: Nothing. I'm a virgin.
Lysa Arryn: Don't lie to me.
Sansa Stark: You're hurting me.
Lysa Arryn: I'll know if you lie.
Sansa Stark: I'm a virgin, I swear it. He loves you, Aunt Lysa. All he says is that I'm stupid. I'm a stupid little girl with stupid dreams who never learns and I'm a terrible liar, so I should always tell the truth. And I swear to you that he has never touched me. Not once, not ever.
Lysa Arryn: Shh. Shh. Shh. It's all right. It will all be all right. You'll be a widow soon. They'll execute that dwarf for murdering the king and you'll be free to marry Robin. You'll be the Lady of the Vale.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Arya Stark: Joffrey...Cersei...Walder Frey...Meryn Trant...Tywin Lannister...The Red Woman...Beric Dondarrion...Thoros of Myr...Illyn Payne...The Mountain...
Sandor "The Hound" Clegane: Would you shut up?
Arya Stark: I can't sleep until I say the names.
Sandor Clegane: The names of every fucking person in Westeros?
Arya Stark: Only the ones I'm going to kill.
Sandor Clegane: Huh. (nods) Hate's as good a thing as any to keep a man going- better than most. (pause) We come across my brother... maybe we can both cross a name off a list.
Arya Stark: (sits up) If he were here right now, what would you do?
Sandor Clegane: (glances at her) I'd tell him to shut the fuck up so I can get some sleep. (closes his eyes) Go on, get it over with- your list of doomed men.
Arya Stark: I'm almost done. Only one name left.
Sandor Clegane: Go on!
Arya Stark: (lies down, pause) The Hound. (she closes her eyes, Sandor opens his and glances at her for a moment)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sandor Clegane: The hell you doing?
Arya Stark: Practicing.
Sandor Clegane: What, ways to die?
Arya Stark: No one's going to kill me.
Sandor Clegane: They will if you nance around like that. That's no way to fight.
Arya Stark: It's not fighting. It's water dancing.
Sandor Clegane: Dancing? Maybe you ought to put on a dress. Who taught you that shite?
Arya Stark: The greatest swordsman who ever lived. Syrio Forel, the First Sword to the Sealord of Braavos.
Sandor Clegane: [scoffs] Braavos. Greasy-haired little bastard, I bet. They all are.
Arya Stark: What do you know about anything?
Sandor Clegane: I bet his hair is greasier than Joffrey's cunt.
Arya Stark: It was not.
Sandor Clegane: Was? He dead?
Arya Stark: Yes.
Sandor Clegane: How?
Arya Stark: He was killed.
Sandor Clegane: Who by?
Arya Stark: Meryn Trant. That's why Ser Meryn--
Sandor Clegane: Meryn Trant? The greatest swordsman who ever lived killed by Meryn fucking Trant?
Arya Stark: He was outnumbered.
Sandor Clegane: Any boy whore with a sword could beat three Meryn Trants.
Arya Stark: Syrio didn't have a sword. Or armor. Just a stick.
Sandor Clegane: The greatest swordsman who ever lived didn't have a sword? [laughs] All right. You have a sword. Let's see what he taught you. Go on, do it for your Braavosi friend. Dead like all the rest of your friends.
[Arya stabs him with Needle, but the sword won't penetrate his armor and Sandor smacks her in the face, knocking her down; he picks up Needle and holds the point to her throat ]
Sandor Clegane: Your friend's dead and Meryn Trant's not. 'Cause Trant had armor, and a big fucking sword. [he reverses Needle and offers her the handle]
________________________________________
[Jon Snow and the Night's Watch have invaded Craster's Keep, manned by the mutineers; Jon enters the dining-hall to find Karl Tanner killing one of the Brothers]
Karl Tanner: (draws twin daggers and bows mockingly to Jon) Lord Snow. You bringin' me back for trial? (sharpens his blades against each other as Jon advances on him, holding Longclaw) We had a good thing here. We were free men. You'll never be free. You'll never know what that's like- (he and Jon rush each other, clash momentarily, then circle the fire; Karl grins and attacks again. Jon is unable to use his sword properly at such close quarters and Karl elbows him in the face) You learn how to fight in a castle? (Jon attacks him, but Karl manages to pin his sword momentarily and wound him in the hip) Some old man teach you how to stand, how to parry? (Jon forces him back, but Karl hits him in the face again) How to fight with honor?! (Jon continues to attack, but is clearly getting the worst of it) You know what's wrong with honor? (they pin their blades against each other and Karl spits in Jon's face, trips him, kicks Longclaw out of his hand and steps on his wrist. Karl raises his blades for the kill, but suddenly one of Craster's daughter-wives stabs him in the shoulder) You... (pulls the knife out of his shoulder and advances on her furiously. Suddenly, Jon thrusts Longclaw through the back of Karl's head and out his mouth, killing him)
Jon Snow: (withdraws Longclaw from Karl's head and kneels next to the woman) Are you all right? (she nods, staring at Karl's corpse) Come with me- come on.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Jon and Craster's daughter-wife come outside to find Grenn and the other Brothers killing the last of the mutineers. Edd drags Locke's body over to the pile of corpses, unaware of his betrayal]
Jon Snow: We lost four brothers?
Dolorous Edd: Five. (indicates Locke)
Grenn: (stares at Locke's horribly broken neck) What in Seven Hells could do that to a man?
Jon Snow: (glances around) I count ten dead mutineers. Locke said there were eleven of them.
Dolorous Edd: Where's Rast? (brief montage of Rast fleeing through the snowy forest and being killed by Ghost)
Watchman: Here's another!
Grenn: (glances up and sees Ghost appear at the gate of Craster's Keep) Jon? (indicates Ghost when Jon looks up)
Jon Snow: (smiles) Where in Seven Hells?! Come here!(Ghost comes up to his master, whining happily, and Jon pets him) I've missed you, boy.
Dolorous Edd: (indicates Craster's surviving daughter-wives) What should we do with this lot?
Jon Snow: (addresses them) It's not safe for you out here on your own. Mance Rayder has an army heading this way, and there's worse out there than Mance. (pause) Come with us to Castle Black- we can find you work, keep you safe.
Craster's first wife: Meaning all respect, Ser Crow- Craster beat us, and worse. Your brother Crows beat us, and worse. We'll find our own way.
Jon Snow: (looks from her to the damaged Keep) You want to stay here? In Craster's Keep?
Craster's first wife: (looks up at the hall and spits) Burn it to the ground and all the dead with it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, if you'd like to sit-
Stannis Baratheon: (pacing impatiently) We've been here since mid-day!
Davos Seaworth: Easterners often have a different sense of time, I've found. Once, I was waiting for Salladhor Saan, here on Braavos- together we were gonna run three shiploads of the finest- (sees the look on Stannis' face and breaks off. As Stannis resumes his pacing, three envoys of the Iron Bank of Braavos finally enter and sit)
Tycho Nestoris: (smiles coldly) Welcome to the Iron Bank. Please...sit (Stannis looks from Davos to the envoys, then finally sits) What can we do for you, Lord Stannis?
Davos Seaworth: (angrily) This is Stannis of the House Baratheon- King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm! (Tycho pauses, then gestures for him to sit; Davos does so)
Tycho Nestoris: The Iron Throne is currently occupied by Tommen of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
Stannis Baratheon: He shares no blood with me. He was a bastard born of incest, as was his brother before him.
Tycho Nestoris: (smiles, nods) Yes- we've heard this story.
Stannis Baratheon: It's not a story! It's the truth!
Tycho Nestoris: The King's grandfather tells a different story: a story about a jealous uncle, whose attempts to usurp the throne from the rightful King cost the Seven Kingdoms dearly, in blood... and gold.
Stannis Baratheon: Gold you loaned him.
Tycho Nestoris: And you feel your blood gives you a claim on our gold?
Stannis Baratheon: More than any man living.
Tycho Nestoris: Across the Narrow Sea, your books are filled with words like "Usurper", "Madman" and "blood right". Here, our books are filled with numbers. We prefer the stories they tell- more plain, less... open to interpretation. (smiles) How many fighting men remain loyal to you?
Stannis Baratheon: Four thousand.
Tycho Nestoris: And how many ships do you have? (Davos opens his mouth to speak) The ones still afloat, Ser Davos- not at the bottom of Blackwater Bay.
Davos Seaworth:...Thirty-two.
Tycho Nestoris: And, how much wheat and barley and beef and pork do you produce on Dragonstone to feed your... four thousand men, on your thirty-two ships?
Stannis Baratheon: None.
Tycho Nestoris: (raises his eyebrows) You can see why these numbers seem unlikely to add up to a happy ending, from our perspective. I'm afraid we must...respectfully decline your request. But we thank you for paying us the honor of your visit. (Stannis glares at Davos; they stand up. Stannis moves away, but Davos steps towards the table)
Davos Seaworth: My lord-
Tycho Nestoris: I'm not a lord, Ser Davos Seaworth. You would not be either here. In Braavos, thieves are not rewarded with titles.
Davos Seaworth: Well, strictly speaking, I didn't do the thieving. That would be the pirates. I just moved what they stole from one place to another. (shows his mutilated hand) This is the payment that was demanded by King Stannis for my crimes. I consider it an honest accounting. He's an honest man and he's your best chance to get back the money you've sunk into Westeros. Which is a lot, I imagine. Wars are expensive.
Tycho Nestoris: The war is over.
Davos Seaworth: As long as Stannis lives, the war is not over. Who's the real power in King's Landing?
Tycho Nestoris: Ser Davos-
Davos Seaworth: Humor me.
Tycho Nestoris: Tywin Lannister.
Davos Seaworth: How old is Tywin Lannister?
Tycho Nestoris: 67.
Davos Seaworth: 67. And when he dies, who's in command? A half-grown boy, the product of incest? [Tycho begins to frown for the first time.] Cersei Lannister, a queen whose people despise her? Jaime Lannister, a man best known for killing the king he was sworn to protect? When Tywin's gone, who do you back?
Tycho Nestoris: That is a problem for another time.
Davos Seaworth: Begging your pardon, I think it's a problem for now. There's only one reliable leader left in Westeros. (points to Stannis, who turns to stare at him) Stannis. He's got the birthright. He's in his prime. He's a tried and tested battle commander. (shows his hand again) And he doesn't just talk about paying people back, he does it.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Yara Greyjoy has stormed the Dreadfort with a band of Ironborn to rescue her brother Theon; she finds him locked in the dog kennels]
Bolton guard: Last cage on the right! (a bell begins to toll, alerting the castle to the attack)
Yara Greyjoy: Thank you. (she slits his throat with her hatchet, then approaches Theon's cage; Ramsay's hounds begin barking and snarling) We're going home. (Theon/Reek backs against the wall of his cage, terrified; Yara smashes the lock off the door with her hatchet)
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: No! (backs away from her as she opens the door)
Yara Greyjoy: It's all right! It's me,Yara.
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: You can't trick m! Tell him! Tell him you couldn't trick me!
Yara Greyjoy: I'm not tricking you, Theon! I'm saving you-
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: Not Theon! Reek! Reek! My name's Reek!
Bolton guards: (nearby) They're here!
Greyjoy bannerman: If they catch us in here, we're trapped!
Yara Greyjoy: Help me with him! (she grabs Theon by the arm and pulls him out of the cage, assisted by her bannerman)
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: (crying hysterically) No, you can't! You can't!
Yara Greyjoy: You're Theon Greyjoy!
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: No! I've never been him! Please- I'm Reek, good Reek, I've always been Reek!-
[The Greyjoy bannerman covers his mouth. At that moment, Ramsay Snow and a number of Bolton bannermen enter the kennels; Theon immediately goes silent with terror as Ramsay stares at Yara and her men]
Ramsay Snow: (grins viciously and draws his weapons) This is turning into a lovely evening. (The Bolton and Greyjoy forces attack each other, while the dogs in their cages are driven into a frenzy by the battle. Yara tries to keep hold of Theon, but he bites her arm, forcing her to let go; he flees back into his cage)
Yara Greyjoy: Aaargh! Theon! (She is forced to re-enter the battle. By the time it is settled, she and her two remaining men are near the entrance to the kennels, while Ramsay and his two remaining men are near Theon's cage) Give me my brother back, and no more of your men will die.
Ramsay Snow: (shrugs) You've got bigger balls than he ever did. (puts away his dagger and pulls out a bunch of keys) But, with those... big balls of yours... (grins savagely at her as he moves to unlock the hounds' cages) How fast can you run?!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Yara Greyjoy: (fleeing back to the longboats with her surviving men) Make for the ship now.
Greyjoy Bannerman: But your brother?
Yara Greyjoy: (grimly) My brother's dead.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Varys: Prince Oberyn.
Oberyn Martell: Lord Varys.
Varys: Only "Varys". I'm not actually a nobleman; no-one is under obligation to call me "Lord".
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) And yet everyone does. (Varys shrugs)
Varys:...You seemed quite knowledgeable about the Unsullied, Prince Oberyn. Did you spend much time in Essos?
Oberyn Martell: Five years.
Varys: May I ask why?
Oberyn: It is a big and beautiful world. Most people live and die in the same corner where we were born, and never get to see any of it. I don't want to be most of us.
Varys: (smiles) Most of us aren't princes.
Oberyn Martell: (stares at Varys for a moment, then smiles) Hmm. You...are from Essos. Where? Lhys?... (notices Varys' disconcerted expression) I have an ear for accents.
Varys: (sharply) I've lost my accent entirely.
Oberyn Martell: (smiles, nods) I have an ear for that as well. (pause) How did you get here?
Varys: It's a long story.
Oberyn Martell: (shrugs) One you don't like telling people?
Varys: (looks away) People I trust...
Oberyn Martell: (approaches him slowly) My paramour, Ellaria, she would find you very interesting. You should come to the brothel and meet her. We've brought our own wine- not the swill they serve here- and we have some lovely boys, on retainer. You did like boys, before? (Varys shakes his head, Oberyn looks surprised) Really? Girls? Hmm- hope you won't be offended when I say I never would have guessed.
Varys: Not at all... but I was never interested in girls either.
Oberyn Martell: (frowns) What, then?
Varys: Nothing.
Oberyn Martell: Everybody is interested in something.
Varys: (grimly) Not me. When I see what desire does to people- what it's done to this country- I am very glad to have no part in it. Besides, the absence of desire leaves one free to pursue... other things.
Oberyn Martell: Such as?... (he follows Vary's gaze to the Iron Throne; Varys walks away, and Oberyn smiles)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Salladhor Saan: The lookout sees a pirate ship sailing their way. The captain shouts to his first mate, "Bring me my red shirt." The first mate brings the red shirt and the captain puts it on, and when the pirates try to board, the brave captain leads his men to victory. (Davos comes into the bathhouse, overhears Salladhor, and heads towards him) A few days later, the lookout screams, "Two pirate ships!" The crew is shivering like scared mice. But the courageous captain hollers, "Bring me my red shirt!" After the battle, the first mate asks, "Captain, why do you call for your red shirt before battle?" The captain replies, "So that if I am stabbed, you will not see me bleed." The next morning the lookout screams, "Ten pirate ships! We are surrounded!" The crew goes silent. They all look to their brave captain, waiting for his usual command. Calm as ever, the captain bellows
Whores: [together] "Bring me my brown pants!!" [laughing]
Davos Seaworth: You think they ever met a pirate who didn't tell them that joke?
Salladhor Saan:...Davos (Davos chuckles) I heard you were rotting in a dungeon in Dragonstone!
Davos Seaworth: Only half-rotted. ( glances at one of the whores walking by; Salladhor chuckles and claps hands with him)
Salladhor Saan: Join us, my friend- join us! This is Lara- (indicates the first whore)
2nd Whore: I'm Lara! (squeals as Salladhor fondles her)
Salladhor Saan: She's an artist, this one- truly. (chuckles)
Davos Seaworth: No time, I'm afraid. We sail at sunrise.
Salladhor Saan: "We?"
Davos Seaworth: You, me- we.
Salladhor Saan: (rolls his eyes, to the whores) Once, I thought this man loved me- Now, I know he despises me. (whores giggle, Davos smiles) He wants to see me die poor and alone on some bald- (Davos drops a heavy leather purse on the edge of the bath with a thump, distracting Salladhor; he opens it to reveal rows and rows of gold coins)
Davos Seaworth: You won't be alone, and you won't be poor. There's a chest of the good stuff back at your house. I gave it to your wife. (Salladhor looks up sharply, then scowls at him as the whores giggle)
Salladhor Saan: You're not my friend, my friend. (Davos grins and stands up)
Davos Seaworth: I'll see you at sunrise.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Dany is petitioned by a man carrying a ragged bundle]
Missandei: (speaking Valyrian) You stand before Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, the Unburnt, the Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons. (the petitioner doesn't move, his face turned down in fear)
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles, also speaking Valyrian) Don't be afraid, my friend. (the petitioner still doesn't move)
Missandei: (in Valyrian) The Queen says you may approach and speak. (the man slowly comes to the foot of Dany's dais and speaks in Ghiscari; Missandei translates to Common Tongue) He is a goatherd. He says he prayed for your victory against the slave masters.
Daenerys Targaryen: I thank him for his prayers. (Missandei translates, and the goatherd bows. He then lays his bundle on the steps in front of them and unwraps it to reveal charred goat bones)
Missandei: (translating the goatherd's Ghiscari) It was your dragons, he says. They came this morning for his flock. (the goatherd stands up, still speaking) He hopes he has not offended Your Grace... but now, he has nothing.
Daenerys Targaryen: Tell this man I am sorry for his hardship. (Missandei begins translating) I cannot bring back his goats, but I will see that he is paid their value, three times over.
[Ser Barristan looks at her in surprise. The goatherd, astonished at her generosity, drops to his knees and thanks her repeatedly as he hastily packs up the goat bones. Missandei, Ser Jorah and Dany smile as the goatherd leaves the throne room]
Daenerys Targaryen: Send the next one in. (Hizdahr zo Loraq- a member of the former slaver class- enters with a servant)
Hizdahr's servant: (in Valyrian) The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq begs an audience with the Queen.
Daenerys Targaryen: (rolls her eyes, mutters in Valyrian) The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq can speak to me himself. (the servant backs away, Hizdahr comes to the foot of her dais and bows)
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Queen Daenerys. Tales of your beauty were not exaggerated. (Dany smiles thinly)
Daenerys Targaryen: I thank you.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Mine is one of the oldest and proudest families in Meereen.
Daenerys Targaryen: Then, it is my honor to receive you.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: My father, one of Meereen's most respected and beloved citizens, oversaw the restoration of it's greatest landmarks- this pyramid included.
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles) For that, he has my gratitude! I should be honored to meet him-
Hizdahr zo Loraq: (coldly) You have, Your Grace. You crucified him. (Dany's smile vanishes) I pray you will never live to see a member of your family treated so cruelly.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sharply) Your father crucified innocent children!
Hizdahr zo Loraq: My father spoke out against crucifying those children. He decried it as a criminal act, but was overruled. Is it justice to answer one crime with another?
Daenerys Targaryen: (ashamed, but still angry) I am sorry you no longer have a father, but my treatment of the Masters was no crime- you'd be wise to remember that.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: What's done is done. (gestures to her and to himself) You are the Queen, and I am a servant of Meereen- a servant who does not wish to see its' traditions eradicated.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what traditions do you speak of?
Hizdahr zo Loraq: The tradition of funeral right. Proper burial in the temple of the Graces. (Dany frowns at him) My father and 162 noble Meereenese are still nailed to those posts- carrion for vultures! Rotting in the sun! (pause, kneels) Your Grace, I ask that you order these men taken down, so that they might receive proper burials.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what of the slave children these noble Meereenese crucified? They were rotting in the sun as well. Would you beg me for their right to a proper burial?
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Your Grace, I cannot defend the actions of the Masters- I can only speak to you as a son, who loved his father. Let me take his body down! Let me have him brought to the temple and buried with dignity, so that he might find peace in the next world! (Dany stares down at him, conflicted)
Daenerys Targaryen: Bury your father, Hizdahr zo Loraq.
Hizdahr zo Loraq:...Thank you, my Queen. (stands up, bows and walks out, followed by his servant)
Daenerys Targaryen: (to Missandei)...How many more?
Missandei: There are two hundred and twelve supplicants waiting, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen:...Two hundred and twelve? (glances at Jorah, who shrugs) Send the next one in.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Oberyn Martell: These meetings aren't always going to be this early, are they? I was up late last night. [sarcastic] So, does this mean I am a master of something now? Coins, ships?
Mace Tyrell: Lord Tywin and I already determined that I shall be the Master of Ships long before you-
[Tywin enters and everybody but Oberyn stands up]
Mace Tyrell: Lord Tywin, it's a great honor to have been granted a seat on this council. I-
Tywin Lannister: The trial begins this afternoon. We only have the morning for affairs of state. Shall we begin?
Varys: Sandor Clegane has been spotted in the Riverlands, my lord.
Cersei Lannister: A coward and a traitor.
Varys: My birds tell me the Hound slaughtered five of our soldiers. I believe the phrase "fuck the king" was uttered.
Pycelle: Disgraceful.
Tywin Lannister: What would it take to make the common soldier stupid enough to try his luck with the Hound?
Varys: 10 Silver stags seems a generous bounty.
Tywin Lannister: Make it 100. What else?
Varys: More whispers from the east, my lord.
Tywin Lannister: The Targaryen girl?
Varys: Daenerys has taken up residence in Meereen. She has conquered the city and rules as its queen.
Cersei Lannister: Conquered with what?
Varys: She commands an army of Unsullied, my queen. Some 8,000 strong. She has a company of sellswords, the Second Sons. She has two knights advising her. Jorah Mormont and Barristan Selmy. And, she has three dragons.
Cersei Lannister: Baby dragons.
Varys: Larger every year, Your Grace.
Pycelle: Mormont is spying on her for us.
Varys: No longer. He appears to be fully devoted to her. As for Ser Barristan, it would seem he took his dismissal from the Kingsguard a bit harder than anticipated. (gives Cersei a reproachful look)
Cersei Lannister: (scornfully) He's an old man. He wasn't fit to protect my son.
Tywin Lannister: (impatient) Joffrey didn't die on his watch. Dismissing him was as insulting as it was stupid.
Cersei Lannister: (defensively) Don't tell me you're worried about a child, halfway across the world.
Varys: (sarcastically) A child with two seasoned warriors counseling her... and a powerful army at her back, Your Grace.
Oberyn Martell: Lord Varys is right. I have been to Essos and seen the Unsullied firsthand. They are very impressive on the battlefield. Less so in the bedroom.
Tywin Lannister: Dragons haven't won a war in 300 years. Armies win them all the time. She must be dealt with.
Pycelle: How, my lord? By force?
Tywin Lannister: Eventually, if it comes to that. (To Varys) Can your little birds find their way into Mereen?
Varys: Most certainly, my Lord Hand.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jaime Lannister: You'd condemn your own son to death?
Tywin Lannister: I've condemned no-one. The trial is not over.
Jaime Lannister: This isn't a trial, it's a farce! Cersei has manipulated everything and you know it!
Tywin Lannister: I know nothing of the sort.
Jaime Lannister: [angry] You've always hated Tyrion!
Tywin Lannister: He killed his king-
Jaime Lannister: As did I! Do you know the last order the Mad King gave me? To bring him your head! I saved your life so you could murder my brother?!
Tywin Lannister: It won't be murder, it will be justice.
Jaime Lannister: Justice?!
Tywin Lannister: I'm performing my sworn duty as Hand of the King. If Tyrion is found guilty, he will be punished accordingly.
Jaime Lannister: He'll be executed.
Tywin Lannister: No, he'll be punished accordingly!
Jaime Lannister: Once, you said family is what lives on. All that lives on. You told me about a dynasty that would last 1000 years. What happens to your dynasty when Tyrion dies? [gestures to his armour] I'm a Kingsguard, forbidden by oath to carry on the family line.
Tywin Lannister: [dismissive] I'm well aware of your oath.
Jaime Lannister: What happens to your name? Who carries the lion banner into future battles? Your nephews? Lancel Lannister?! Others whose names I don't even remember?!
Tywin Lannister: What happens to my dynasty if I spare the life of my grandson's killer?!
Jaime Lannister: It survives...through me. [Tywin looks shocked] I'll leave the Kingsguard, I'll take my place as your son and heir if you let Tyrion live.
Tywin Lannister: Done. [Jaime is stunned] When the testimony is concluded and the guilty verdict rendered, Tyrion will be given the chance to speak. He'll plead for mercy, I'll allow him to join the Night's Watch. In three days times, he'll depart for Castle Black and live out his days at the Wall. You'll remove your white cloak immediately. You will leave King's Landing to assume your rightful place at Casterly Rock. You will marry a suitable woman, and father children named "Lannister". And you'll never turn your back on your family again.
Jaime Lannister: You have my word.
Tywin Lannister: And you have mine.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Immediately after, Jaime approaches Tyrion during a recess in the trial]
Tyrion Lannister: Not going well, is it?!
Jaime Lannister: You're going to be found guilty-
Tyrion Lannister: [sarcastically] Oh, you think so?!
Jaime Lannister: And when you are, you need to enter a formal plea for mercy and ask to be sent to the Wall. Father's agreed to it. He'll spare your life and allow you join the Night's Watch.
Tyrion Lannister: Ned Stark was promised the same thing, and we both know how that turned out!
Jaime Lannister: Father's not Joffrey! He'll keep his word-
Tyrion Lannister: [Disbelieving] How do you know?
Jaime Lannister: Do you trust me? [Tyrion nods] Keep your mouth shut, no more outbursts. This will all be over soon.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tyrion: [after Shae testifies against him] Father... I wish to confess. I wish to confess.
Tywin: You wish to confess?
Tyrion: [to the audience of the trial] I saved you. I saved this city [angrily] and all your worthless lives! I should have let Stannis kill you all!
[the crowd groans with disgust]
Tywin: Tyrion! [Tyrion looks at him] Do you wish to confess?
Tyrion: Yes... Father. I'm guilty. Guilty! Is that what you want to hear?!
Tywin: You admit you've poisoned the King?
Tyrion: No. Of that, I'm innocent. I'm guilty of a far more monstrous crime! I'm guilty of being a dwarf!
Tywin: [scoffs] You are not on trial for being a dwarf.
Tyrion: [angrily] Oh, yes I am! I've been on trial for that my entire life!
Tywin: [impatiently] Have you nothing to say on your defense?
Tyrion: Nothing but this: [with a grin; to Jaime] I did not do it. [with great fury; to Cersei] I did not kill Joffrey, but I WISH THAT I HAD! Watching your vicious bastard die give me more relief than a thousand lying whores! [Tyrion gives Shae a venomous look, then turns to the crowd] I wish I was the monster you think I am! I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you! I would gladly give my life to WATCH YOU ALL SWALLOW IT!
[The entire crowd roars with outrage]
Tywin: [angrily stands] Ser Meryn! Ser Meryn, escort the prisoner back to his cell!
Tyrion: [stares irately at his father] I will NOT give my life for Joffrey's murder, and I know I'll get no justice here, so I will let the gods decide my fate! I demand a trial by combat.
[The crowd, once again, roars with outrage, as Margaery, Shae, Jaime and Cersei stare at Tyrion with disbelief; Oberyn leans forward, looking intrigued. Tyrion smiles bitterly at his father, who glares furiously back at him]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sandor Clegane: (inspecting a burned-out farmhouse with Arya) Could be food.
Arya Stark: Could be soldiers. (they explore the area and come upon a mortally wounded farmer; seeing no one else, they put away their swords) You shouldn't be sitting out here like this.
Farmer:...Where else to sit? Tried to walk back to me hut- hurt too much. Then, I remembered they burnt me hut down.
Sandor Clegane: Who were "they"?
Farmer: I stopped asking a while ago (Sandor kneels next to him, inspects his wound)
Sandor Clegane:...That's not going to get better.
Farmer:...Doesn't seem so
Sandor Clegane: Bad way to go. Haven't you had enough?
Farmer: Of what? (sees the look Sandor gives him and laughs weakly) I know- time to go. Take matters into me own hands. (Arya also kneels) The thought has occurred to me.
Arya Stark: So why go on? (Sandor looks at her)
Farmer:...Habit. (smiles weakly)
Arya Stark: Nothing could be worse than this.
Farmer:...Maybe nothing IS worse... than this.
Arya Stark: Nothing isn't better... or worse than anything.(pause) Nothing is just nothing. (The farmer looks up at her)
Farmer:...Who are you?
Arya Stark:...My name's Arya- Arya Stark.
Farmer: (looks up at Sandor) You her father? (Sandor shakes his head)
Sandor Clegane: Her captor. Bringing her to her aunt, for ransom.
Farmer: (nods) A fair exchange, that is. I always held to the notion of fair exchange, in all my dealings. You give me- I give you- fair. A balance. (pause) No balance, anymore. Can I have a drink? Dying is thirsty work. (Sandor holds his flask to his lips and he drinks) Wish it were wine.
Sandor Clegane: So do I (he stabs the farmer in the heart with a hunting knife; the farmer gasps, then looks up at him and smiles slightly as he dies. Sandor cleans the knife on the man's sleeve, turns to Arya) That's where the heart is. (stands up) That's how you kill a man-
[Suddenly, a ragged man jumps on Sandor from behind and bites him on the neck. Arya springs up; roaring with pain, the Hound yanks his attacker off and breaks his neck. They turn to see another ragged man, Rorge, holding a sword, uncertain whether he should attack]
Sandor Clegane: (angrily, his hands clasped to the bite wound on his neck) The FUCk you doing?!
Rorge: There's a price on your head-
Sandor Clegane: Yes, that's what the King does when you tell him to fuck off.
Rorge: The King's dead. He drank poisoned wine at his own wedding. (Arya and Sandor, surprised, look at each other) The bounty on you is for killing Lannister soldiers- a hundred silver stags-
Sandor Clegane: (contemptuously) And you thought you were going to collect it? Didn't think very hard, did you?
Arya Stark: (recognizing Rorge from Harrenhall) ...You were Yoren's prisoners, when he was taking me to the Wall. (moves towards him angrily, talking to Sandor) He told me he'd fuck me bloody with a stick. (Rorge stares at her uncertainly)
Sandor Clegane: (to Rorge) This day's really not working out the way you planned. (to Arya) He on your little list?
Arya: He can't be- I don't know his name.
Sandor Clegane: What's your name?
Rorge: Rorge.
Arya Stark: Thank you. (draws Needle and stabs Rorge through the heart)
Sandor Clegane: You're learning.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Bronn enters Tyrion's cell, dressed in noble finery]
Bronn: My lord. [makes a mocking bow]
Tyrion Lannister: [suspicious] You have new clothes.
Bronn: You like them, eh? Gloves are doeskin, softer than a virgin's thighs.
Tyrion Lannister: I sent for you days ago.
Bronn: I've been a bit busy.
Tyrion Lannister: Doing what?!
Bronn: My lonesome bachelor days are over. I'm to wed Lollys Stokeworth.
Tyrion Lannister: [astounded] Lollys Stokeworth?! She doesn't strike me as your sort of girl.
Bronn: I wouldn't say I had a single sort of girl.
Tyrion Lannister: She's dim-witted!
Bronn: If I wanted wits, I'd marry you.
Tyrion Lannister: When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister?
Bronn: Falyse. Aye, I did know about the older sister.
Tyrion Lannister: And you do understand the rules of inheritance?
Bronn: Falyse is forty and barren.
Tyrion Lannister: She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies.
Bronn: [nods] She does...unless she happens to perish before her father, then Lollys gets the castle. [sees Tyrion's incredulous expression] What?! Ladies fall from their horse and snap their pretty necks all the time.
Tyrion Lannister: You and my sister deserve each other. Why did you bother to come here?
Bronn: You once said if anyone ever asked me to sell you out, you'd double their price.
Tyrion Lannister: Is it two wives you want or two castles?!
Bronn: One of each would do... but if you want me to kill the Mountain for you, it'd better be a damn big castle.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm a bit short on castles at the moment, but I can offer you gold and gratitude.
Bronn: I have gold. What can I buy with gratitude?
Tyrion Lannister: You might be surprised. A Lannister always pays his debts.
Bronn: Your sister's a Lannister too.
Tyrion Lannister: My wife is heir to Winterfell. If I emerge from this with my head still on my shoulders, I may one day rule the North in her name. I could carve you out a big piece of it.
Bronn: If and may and could. It's bloody cold up north. Lollys is soft and warm and close. If I gave you the choice between fucking Lollys and fighting the Mountain, you'd have your britches down and your cock up before I could blink!
Tyrion Lannister: Does he frighten you so much?!
Bronn: I'd be a bloody fool if he didn't frighten me. He's freakish big and freakish strong, and quicker than you'd expect for a man of that size. Maybe I could take him, dance around until he's so tired from hacking at me he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow...but one misstep and I'm dead. Why should I risk it?
Tyrion Lannister: Because you're my friend.
Bronn: Aye, I'm your friend...and when have you ever risked your life for me? [Tyrion looks stunned and then despondent] I like you, pampered little shit that you are. I just...like myself more.
Tyrion Lannister: I understand.
Bronn: I'm sorry it has to be this way.
Tyrion Lannister: Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? That's what I liked about you in the first place. [they shake hands for the last time]
Bronn: We had some good days together.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, we did. [Bronn goes to leave, but stops at the door]
Bronn: What will you do?
Tyrion Lannister: I suppose I'll have to kill the Mountain myself. Won't that make for a great song?
Bronn: [sincerely] I hope to hear them sing it one day.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Jorah Mormont: Daario Naharis killed his captains and dumped their heads at your feet when he grew tired of their commands. How could you ever have faith in a man like that?
Daenerys Targaryen: I could never have faith in a man like Daario. That's why I've sent him and the Second Sons to retake Yunkai.
Jorah Mormont: You have?
Daenerys Targaryen: I have.
Jorah Mormont: Without you there to rule, Khaleesi, I fear the masters will simply bide their time, wait for the invaders to leave and reassert control.
Daenerys Targaryen: That is why I've ordered Daario to execute every master in Yunkai. The masters tear babies from their mothers' arms. They mutilate little boys by the thousands. They train little girls in the art of pleasuring old men.
Jorah Mormont: They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself. Herding the masters into pens and slaughtering them by the thousands is also treating men like beasts. The slaves you freed, brutality is all they've ever known. If you want them to know something else, you'll have to show it to them.
Daenerys Targaryen: And repay the slavers with what? Kindness? A fine? A stern warning?
Jorah Mormont: It's tempting to see your enemies as evil, all of them, but there's good and evil on both sides in every war ever fought.
Daenerys Targaryen: Let the priests argue over good and evil. Slavery is real. I can end it. I will end it. And I will end those behind it.
Jorah Mormont: I sold men into slavery, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: And now you are helping me show them to freedom.
Jorah Mormont: I wouldn't be here to help you if Ned Stark had done to me what you want to do to the masters of Yunkai.
Daenerys Targaryen: ...The man who came to me the other day about burying his father.
Jorah Mormont: Hizdahr zo Loraq?
Daenerys Targaryen: He will accompany the Second Sons and serve as my ambassador to Yunkai. He will tell the masters what has happened in Meereen. He will explain the choice they have before them. They can live in my new world or they can die in their old one. Well, go and catch Daario before he leaves. Tell him I changed my mind.
Jorah Mormont: Yes, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: No. Tell him you changed my mind.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tyrion Lannister: (Oberyn enters the cell, lighting it with a torch) I imagined you'd be back at the brothel at this hour.
Oberyn Martell: I did spend some time with an absolutely stunning blonde the other day. (puts the torch in a bracket)
Tyrion Lannister: Mm, do tell. I've got every kind of filth down here except the kind I like.
Oberyn Martell: Your sister, actually.
Tyrion Lannister: (rolls his eyes) ...Oh.
Oberyn Martell: (pulls up a bench, sits across from Tyrion) Cersei approached me. We spoke a great deal about her daughter. How worried your sister is about her. She was trying very hard to pretend she had not come to sway me against you- I think she may have even believed it herself.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles grimly) Making honest feelings do dishonest work is one of her many gifts.
Oberyn Martell: It was difficult for her to hide her true intentions. (raises his eyebrows) It is rare... to meet a Lannister who shares my enthusiasm for dead Lannisters. She desperately wants to see you killed.
Tyrion Lannister: (shrugs) She didn't need to bother you. It looks as though I've taken care of that myself. The joy she will feel when my head leaves my neck... she's wanted this for a long time.
Oberyn Martell: Yes, I know. (Tyrion frowns in confusion) We met, you and I. Many years ago.
Tyrion Lannister: ...I think I would have remembered that.
Oberyn Martell: Unlikely- you had just been born. Our father brought me and my sister Elia with him, on a visit to Casterly Rock; my first time away from Dorne. I didn't like anything about the Rock. Not the food, not the weather, not your accents. Nothing. But the biggest disappointment... you.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles) You and my family have more in common than you might admit.
Oberyn Martell:The whole way from Dorne, all anyone talked about was the monster that had been born to Tywin Lannister. A head twice the size of his body, a tail between his legs, claws, one red eye, the privates of both a girl and a boy-
Tyrion Lannister: That would have made things so much easier.
Oberyn Martell: When we met your sister, she promised she would show you to us. Every day, we would ask; every day, she would say, "Soon." Then, she and your brother took us to your nursery and... she unveiled the freak. (pause) Your head was a bit large, your arms and legs were a bit small, but no claw. No red eye. No tail between your legs, just a tiny pink cock. We didn't try to hide our disappointment. "That's not a monster," I told Cersei. "That's just a baby." And she said, "He killed my mother." And she pinched your little cock so hard, I thought she might pull it off. Until your brother made her stop. "It doesn't matter," she told us. "Everyone says he will die soon. I hope they are right. He should not have lived this long."
Tyrion Lannister: (holding back tears of resentment and loneliness) Well... sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants.
Oberyn Martell: And what about what I want? Justice... for my sister, and for her children.
Tyrion Lannister: (chuckles bitterly) If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place.
Oberyn Martell: I disagree. I've come to the perfect place. I want to bring those who have wronged me to justice. And, all those who have wronged me are right here. (stands up) I will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane, who killed my sister's children and then raped her with their blood still on his hands before killing her, too. (turns, pulls a torch from the wall bracket, then turns back to face Tyrion) I will be your champion. (Tyrion begins shaking with relief, that someone will finally stand for him)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sansa Stark: You wanted to see me, Aunt Lysa?
Lysa Arryn:Come here, Sansa. Do you know how far the fall is?
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: Neither do I, precisely. Hundreds of feet. It's fascinating what happens to bodies when they hit the rocks from such a height. The impact breaks them right apart. Like eggs dropped on the floor. Sometimes pieces remain intact. You'll find the head sitting on its own. Every hair in place. Blue eyes staring at nothing. I know what you did.
Sansa Stark: I'm so sorry, Aunt Lysa. I never should have hit Robin, I know it. I promise it won't happen-
Lysa Arryn: Don't be coy with me, you little whore. You kissed him. You kissed Petyr.
Sansa Stark: I didn't. You don't understand.
Lysa Arryn: I saw you. You can't lie to me because I saw it with my own eyes.
Sansa Stark: He kissed me. I pulled away.
Lysa Arryn: Liar! [grabs Sansa by her hair and hold her over de Moon Door] Whore! He is mine! My father, my husband, my sister, they all stood between us and now they're all dead. That's what happens to people who stand between Petyr and me. Look down! Look down! Look down! Look down!
Petyr Baelish: Lysa! Let her go.
Lysa Arryn:You want her? This empty-headed child?
Petyr Baelish: Let her go.
Lysa Arryn: She's just like her mother. She'll never love you. I lied for you. I killed for you. Why did you bring her here? Why?
Petyr Baelish: I'll send her away. I swear on my life. I swear to all the gods. Let her go, Lysa.
[Lysa releases Sansa. Baelish walks over to her and helps a crying Lysa to her feet]
Petyr Baelish: Oh, my sweet wife. My sweet, silly wife. I have only loved one woman... only one, my entire life. [Lysa smiles] Your sister.
[Lysa only has a second to process this before Baelish shoves her out of the Moon Door; she plummets to her death, screaming]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Open to the dark, seedy town of Moles Town. Two men walk toward a brothel with smiles on their faces]

MAN 1: Here we are.

[Inside everyone is happy, drinking, enjoying themselves. One woman is burping a tune]

MAN 2: The Rains of Castamere!

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: You fucking dick! Same wrong guess every fucking time. Listen, ya cunt.

[Everyone laughs and goes ooooo. She burps the same tune]

MAN 3: Oh, The Bear and the Maiden Fair!

[Everyone cheers]

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: There's a man with an ear. Too bad you've got a hangnail for a cock. First time I saw you with your britches down, I thought you were a eunuch! You seen it girls. Like a baby snail peekin' out of his shell. *laughs and walks toward Gilly* *to Gilly* Your baby was crying this morning. It waked me up. You hear me?

GILLY: Yes.

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: Well, what are you going to say?

GILLY: I'm sorry it woke you up.

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: I don't care if you're sorry. Keep that baby quiet, or I will.


GILLY: Don't you ever touch him.

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: Hehehe, little Wildling bitch. You should've stayed with your own kind. *an owl hoots in the distance* Are you listening to me?

GILLY: Shut your mouth.

MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: What? It's just an owl you dumb bitch.

GILLY: No it's not.

[The owl hoots again. A man walks toward a well and in the reflection it's seen that Styr sliced the mans throat. Tormund is also seen as the Wildlings walk through the town killing everyone. Ygritte is also there. Styr and the Wildlings break into the brothel, continuing their killing spree. Ygritte kills everyone upstairs, as she's leaving she hears Gilly's baby cry. Ygritte opens a drape in the back and motions them to keep quiet]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK

SAM: I should never have left her there.

JON: You couldn't have known.

SAM: Of course I could've known. They were raiding the villages close by.

GRENN: And we just cower in here while they slaughter our brothers?

ED: Our brothers had orders to stay at Castle Black.

GRENN: Oh, so it's alright then?! Black Jack and Kegs and Mully chopped to pieces 'cause they broke the rules?!

ED: I didn't say it was alright! I'm sayin' they shouldn't have been there.

GRENN: We pledged to guard the realms of men.

SAM: She's dead because of me.

GRENN: We can't even guard Mole's Town.

JON: We can't go after them, you know that. That's what they want.

SAM: Little Same. As if I'd cut their throats myself.

PYP: Maybe she managed to hide herself. I thought one of you was dead, you were not North and no one came back. Not for ages. But then you did.

ED: She survived Craster and he was the worst shit I've ever met. She survived the long march to the wall. She survived a white walker for fuck's sake. She might've got out.

SAM: She might have.

JON: If they hit Mole's Town, then we're next. Mance's army must be close.

ED: A hundred thousand.

GRENN: And there's what, 5 of us left.

ED: If you're counting Black Jack, Kegs, and Mully. A hundred and two.

PYP: How do a hundred and two men stop a thousand?

ED: Whoever dies last, be a good lad and burn the rest of us. Once I'm done with this world, I don't want to come back.

[Everyone takes a drink]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN

[Men and women are seen swimming in a lake. They're bathing and washing clothes. Grey Worm looks over at Missandei who is naked. Missandei sees him looking, he looks away ashamed then looks back. She stands up proudly, then covers up. He dunks his head under water]

DANY: You think he was spying on you?

MISSANDEI: No, not spying.

DANY: The Dothraki think outsiders are ridiculous taking shame in the naked body. They make love under the stars for the whole Khalasar to see.

MISSANDEI: Yes your grace.

DANY: But you are not Dothraki.

MISSANDEI: No.

DANY: Well, I don't see why it matters. Grey worm isn't interested, none of the unsullied care what's under our clothes.

MISSANDEI: He was interested.

DANY: What?

MISSANDEI: I believe he was interested.

DANY: When the slavers castrate the boys, do they take all of it?

MISSANDEI: All of it?

DANY: The...the pillar an the stones.

MISSANDEI: I don't know, your grace.

DANY: Haven't you ever wondered?

MISSANDEI: Yes, your grace.

[Missandei is seen walking up toward Dany's throne. Grey Worm enters]

GREY WORM: Missandei. *in Valyrian* I have come to apologize.

MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* You don't need to apologize.

GREY WORM: *in Valyrian* I hope I didn't frighten you.

MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* No.

GREY WORM: The lessons you give I [?] on. These are precious to I.

MISSANDEI: To me.

GREY WORM: To me.

MISSANDEI: I don't remember teaching you the word precious.

GREY WORM: Jorah the Andal, he teaches I...he teaches me this word.

MISSANDEI: Do you remember the name you were given at birth?

GREY WORM: I remember nothing. Only unsullied.

MISSANDEI: When they cut you, do you remember that?

[Grey Worm shakes his head no]

MISSANDEI: I'm sorry. I'm sorry they did that to you.

GREY WORM: Why? Why sorry?

MISSANDEI: It's a terrible thing to do to a boy.

GREY WORM: *approaches Missandei* If the masters never cut me, I am never unsullied. I never stand in the Plaza of Pride when Daenerys Stormborn orders us to kill the masters. I never am chosen to lead the unsullied. I never meet Missandei from the Island of Naath. I am sorry I...for today. I am sorry.

[Grey Worm turns around and begins to walk away]

MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* Grey Worm.

[Grey Worm stops and turns around]

MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* I'm glad you saw me.

GREY WORM: *in Valyrian* So am I.

[Grey Worm turns and walks out of the throne room]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MOAT CAILIN

RAMSAY: Bracken. Mmm, strong. As long as they're in the see. But when you take them out of the water, no bones. They collapse under their proud weight and slum into a heap of nothing. You'd think they'd know that. Unfortunately they're not very bright. What do you tell them?

THEON: I'm Theon Greyjoy, son of Balon, heir to the Iron Islands.

RAMSAY: And what are you really?

THEON: I'm Reek.

RAMSAY: Are you sure? You do look very much like a lord. Formidable, proud.

THEON: I'm Reek.

RAMSAY: Until when?

THEON: Always. Forever.

RAMSAY: That's right. Until you're rotting in the ground. Remember what you are and what you're not. Bring me Lord Kenning.

[Theon approaches the castle on horseback]

GUARD 1: *to Theon* No closer. Who are you?

[Theon enters the castle walls. Inside a lot of people are sick or dying]

RALF: I'm Kenning, commander of this garrison. And you say you're Theon Greyjoy?

THEON: Yes.

RALF: And why should I believe that?

THEON: I was born on Pike to Balon Greyjoy. His third and last-living son. I am your prince. I swear it by the drowned god. What is dead may never die.

EVERYONE: What is dead may never die.

RALF: And if you were my prince, why are you marching with a Bolton army?

THEON: Lord Bolton took me captive after Winterfell. He sent me to treat with you in good faith as your fellow Ironborn.

RALF: And what does Lord Bolton want?

[Theon hands Kenning a scroll]

THEON: You are fading from sickness. You are badly outnumbered and you're hundreds of miles from the sea. Lord Bolton implores you to protect your men and abandon this fortress you can no longer hold. Do this and he will be just and fair with you as he is being with me. The Boltons will give you safe passage to the stony shore.

RALF: He wants us to surrender?

THEON: My own father, your king, surrendered years ago to Robert Baratheon. I watched him bend the knee. There was no shame there. He fought with honor, as did you.

[Kenning falls to the ground. His men pick him up]

RALF: ...shame fought with honor.

THEON: I'm sorry, I didn't hear...

[Kenning spits blood in Theon's face]

RALF: No shame fought with honor. Only a whipped dog would speak this way. Or a woman. Are you a woman boy?

THEON: *scared* You don't know.

RALF: The Ironborn will not surrender.

THEON: *whispering* Reek. Reek.

RALF: You go tell your master that, Theon Greyjoy. Or whoever the fuck you are. What in the hell are you muttering?

[MAN 4 kills Kenning with an axe]

THEON: Reek.

MAN 4: If we yield, we live? Is that what it says on this paper here?

THEON: Yes. Have your men raise the white flag and open the gates. You're going home.

[Cut to MAN 4's body with no skin and his eye cut out]

RAMSAY: You didn't really think I'd let them go did you? It's falling out of fashion. Fileting. Sad, but true. Traditions are important. Where are we without our history, eh?

THEON: Yes m'lord. Will we go home now?

RAMSAY: I believe we will. To our new home.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE VALE

You have foreign blood, don't you, Baelish?

PETYR: A great-grandfather from Braavos, yes. I suppose all of our ancestors came from somewhere else originally.

LORD ROYCE: Our forebearers settled the Vale thousands of years ago. We've fought off invaders ever since.

PETYR: The beauty of the Vale is matched only by the nobility of its great families. Lady Arryn often told me that you were her rock, Lord Royce.

LORD ROYCE: She told me nothing about you, Baelish. But I didn't need to hear from her. Moneylender. Whoremonger. You've been licking Tywin Lannister's boots so long, it's a wonder your tongue's not black.

PETYR: My lord...

LORD ROYCE: And when Jon Arryn named you Master of Coin, no one cared. Always been a grubby job. Why not let a grubby man do it? But when I heard you were lurking here, fawning over the Lady Arryn...

PETYR: Lady Arryn invited me. She and I have been close since childhood.

LADY ANYA: Yes, we all know how close you were. Lady Arryn's predilections were her own affair. Her death is our affair.

PETYR: Of course. Her suicide shattered us all.

LADY ANYA: She was an odd fish. Everyone knew that. But suicide? She adored that boy of hers. I don't see her abandoning him. Not by choice.

LORD ROYCE: Strange that within days of your arrival, you've married Lady Arryn and she's fallen through the Moon Door.

PETYR: She was always prone to melancholy. My lady wasn't meant for a world as brutal as ours.

LORD ROYCE: We were told there was a witness. A girl.

LADY ANYA: A niece of yours, I believe.

PETYR: A girl with no learning and scattered wits. I assure you, she would be of no help.

LORD ROYCE: We'd like to speak with her.

PETYR: Let me fetch her.

LADY ANYA: No need. We prefer to hear her testimony unadulterated.

[Sansa Stark enters the room]

LADY ANYA: Come closer, child. You have nothing to fear from us or him. Lord Baelish here is your uncle? Your name is Alayne? Perhaps you would feel more comfortable if Lord Baelish left the room.

PETYR: My lady...

LADY ANYA: I wasn't asking you.

SANSA: He can stay.

LORD ROYCE: Speak up, girl, you're not a damn kitchen mouse. Tell us what you saw.

SANSA: *to Petyr* I'm sorry, Lord Baelish. I have to tell the truth. *to the council* I'll tell you everything.

LADY ANYA: Please, Alayne, leave nothing out.

SANSA: My name is not Alayne. It's Sansa Stark, eldest daughter of Lord Eddard Stark. Lord Royce, we met when you came to Winterfell. You were escorting your son Ser Waymar to the Wall.

LORD ROYCE: Sansa Stark? You tell lies right to my face, you little worm?

SANSA: Lord Baelish has told many lies. All to protect me. Since my father was executed, I have been a hostage in King's Landing. A plaything for Joffrey to torture or Queen Cersei to torment. They beat me, they humiliated me, they married me to the Imp. I had no friends in King's Landing...except one. He saved me. Smuggled me away when he had the chance. He knew I'd be safe here in the Eyrie with my own blood, my Aunt Lysa. The Lannisters have friends everywhere. Even the Vale. He made me swear not to tell anyone my true name.

SER VANCE: Your secret is safe with us, my lady.

LORD ROYCE: Your father grew up right here in these halls. We hunted together many times. He was a fine man.

LADY ANYA: Tell us what happened to your aunt, Sansa.

SANSA: You knew her well, my lords, my lady. You knew she was a troubled woman. She always loved Lord Baelish. She told me herself. From the moment he arrived at the gates of Riverrun, a boy of eight carrying everything he owned in a little sack. She confessed to me she never loved Lord Arryn. She did as her father commanded, as so many of us have. When the gods finally allowed her to be with Lord Baelish, she was so happy. For a time. My aunt was a jealous lady. She was terrified that Lord Baelish didn't love her anymore. That he would abandon her for a younger woman. And then...one day she saw him kiss me.

LORD ROYCE: Lady Sansa.

SANSA: It was a peck on the cheek, Lord Royce, nothing more. Lord Baelish is my uncle now, in truth, by marriage. He's always been so kind to me. I was so happy to be here, to be free. All because of him. But my aunt turned on me. She cursed me. Called me a whore. Promised to throw me through the Moon Door. When Lord Baelish tried to calm her, she struck him. She said she didn't want to live anymore. She stood on the edge of that Moon Door. He tried to reason with her. Promised her she was the only one he had ever loved, but she stepped through those doors and she was...*begins sobbing*

LADY ANYA: Shh. Shh, it's not your fault, sweet girl. It's not your fault.

[Sansa looks up at Petyr]

[Lord Royce, Lady Anya, and Petyr walk down the stairs]

LORD ROYCE: You could see it in the way she raised that boy. Feeding him from her own teats when he was 10 years old.

LADY ANYA: Lord Royce! This is hardly the time.

LORD ROYCE: Apologies, my lady. And to you as well, Baelish. We treated you a bit harshly.

PETYR: You want justice, Lord Royce. I can hardly complain about that. I want the same.

LADY ANYA: Not much justice to be meted out in suicide, is there?

PETYR: For Lysa, no. But for her son? Only 20 years ago, the knights of the Vale rode behind Jon Arryn, Ned Stark, Robert Baratheon. They fought together to overcome the Mad King. And since then, Arryn and Royce, Corbray, Waynwood, all the great houses of the Vale watched from the corner. A timid boy at a tavern brawl.

LORD ROYCE: Are you questioning our courage?

PETYR: I want to know which side you're on. Do you support the Lannisters, the house that executed your friend Ned Stark?

LORD ROYCE: Of course we don't support the damn Lannisters.

PETYR: No? Catelyn Stark begged her sister for support and Lysa refused. By staying out of the fray, you've allowed Tywin Lannister to destroy his rivals on every compass point. Who stands against him now?

LADY ANYA: Who would you have us back, Lord Baelish? Robb Stark is dead.

PETYR: I'd have you back Robin Arryn, Lord of the Vale.

LADY ANYA: Robin Arryn is a sickly little boy.

PETYR: And sickly little boys sometimes become powerful men.

LADY ANYA: More often they die young.

PETYR: I adored Lysa with all my heart. But she loved her son so much, she became overprotective. He needs to learn how to swing a sword. How to ride a horse.

LORD ROYCE: Aye, it's time.

PETYR: Yes, it's time. Time for him to tour the Vale, to visit all the castles in his domain. Time for Robin to leave the nest.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEEREEN

BOY: Ser Barristan.

SER BARRISTAN: Yes? Who sent you?

[A boy hands a scroll to Ser Barristan. He reads it]

[Ser Jorah is looking at a map by the water alone]

SER JORAH: Ser Barristan.

SER BARRISTAN: Ser Jorah.

SER JORAH: Have I forgotten a council meeting?

SER BARRISTAN: No.

[Ser Barristan hands Ser Jorah the scroll]

SER JORAH: What's this?

SER BARRISTAN: A royal pardon signed by Robert Baratheon. You spied on her.

SER JORAH: Who gave you this?

SER BARRISTAN: Does it matter?

SER JORAH: Have you told her?

SER BARRISTAN: I wanted to tell you first, man-to-man rather than go behind your back.

SER JORAH: Let me speak with her in private.

SER BARRISTAN: You'll never be alone with her again.

[Ser Barristan leaves]

[Ser Jorah enters Dany's throne room, walking toward her]

DANY: Why did the usurper pardon you?

SER JORAH: If we could speak alone.

DANY: No, speak to me here. Explain it to me.

SER JORAH: Who do you think sent this to Meereen? Who profits? This is the work of Tywin Lannister. He wants to divide us. If we're fighting each other, we're not fighting him.

DANY: The pardon was signed the year we met. Why were you pardoned? Unless you're saying this document was forged.

SER JORAH: It is not forged.

DANY: Why, then?

SER JORAH: I sent letters to Varys, the spymaster of King's Landing.

DANY: What was the content of these letters?

SER JORAH: Information.

DANY: What information?

SER JORAH: When you and Viserys arrived in Pentos. His plan to marry you to Khal Drogo. When you were married. When your brother died.

DANY: You told him I was carrying Drogo's child?

SER JORAH: I...

DANY: Yes or no?

SER JORAH: Khaleesi.

DANY: Don't call me that. Did you tell him I was carrying Drogo's child?

SER JORAH: Yes.

DANY: That wine merchant tried to poison me because of your information.

SER JORAH: I stopped you from drinking his wine.

DANY: Because you knew it was poisoned.

SER JORAH: I suspected.

DANY: You betrayed me from the first.

SER JORAH: Forgive me. I never meant...please, Khaleesi, forgive me.

DANY: You sold my secrets to the man who killed my father and stole my brother's throne...

SER JORAH: I have protected you. Fought for you. Killed for you.

DANY: ...and you want me to forgive you?

SER JORAH: I have loved you.

DANY: Love? Love? How can you say that to me? Any other man, and I would have you executed. But you, I do not want you in my city dead or alive. Go back to your masters in King's Landing. Collect your pardon if you can.

SER JORAH: Daenerys, please.

[Ser Jorah goes for Dany's hand]

DANY: Don't ever presume to touch me again or speak my name. You have until dusk to collect your things and leave this city. If you're found in Meereen past break of day, I'll have your head thrown into Slaver's Bay. Go. Now.

[Ser Jorah rides away from Mereen]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MOAT CAILIN

[Ramsay is seen holding a flag out to Lord Bolton]

RAMSAY: Moat Cailin is yours, Father.

LORD BOLTON: Walk with me. Has there been any word from Locke?

RAMSAY: No.

RAMSAY: Unimportant. A cripple, a young boy. None of the northern lords have seen them. Dead most likely. Most of the Ironborn have fled the North. Now more will follow, thanks to you. Tell me what you see.

RAMSAY: Moors, fields, hills.

RAMSAY: Tell me what you see.

RAMSAY: Nothing.

ROOSE: Not nothing. The North. Ride 700 miles that way, you're still in the North. 400 miles that way. 300 miles that way. The North is larger than the other six kingdoms combined. And I am the Warden of the North. The North is mine. Now tell me, what is your name?

RAMSAY: Ramsay Snow.

ROOSE: No, not Ramsay Snow. *hands Ramsay a scroll* Open it. From this day until your last day, you are Ramsay Bolton, son of Roose Bolton, Warden of the North.

RAMSAY: You honor me. I swear I will uphold your name and your tradition. I will be worthy of you, Father, I promise.

[The Bolton army rides forward on horseback]

RAMSAY: Come, Reek, I'll be needing a bath.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE VALE

[Sansa is seen sitting on her bed sewing. Petyr knocks on her door]

SANSA: Yes?

PETYR: First time I saw you, you were just a child. A girl from the North come to the capital for the first time. Not a child any longer. Why did you help me?

SANSA: They would have thrown you through the Moon Door if they found you guilty.

PETYR: That's not an answer.

SANSA: If they'd have executed you, what would they have done with me?

PETYR: I don't know.

SANSA: Neither do I.

PETYR: Better to gamble on the man you know than the strangers you don't? And you think you know me?

SANSA: I know what you want.

PETYR: Do you?

[She looks up at him]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: OUTSIDE THE VALE

[Arya and the Hound approach the Vale]

HOUND: I thought it'd make me happy, but it doesn't. Not really. Nothing makes you happy.

ARYA: Lots of things make me happy.

HOUND: Like what?

ARYA: Killing Polliver, killing Rorge.

HOUND: So you're sad because you didn't get to kill Joffrey yourself. Is that it?

ARYA: At least I could have been there to watch. I wanted to see the look in his eyes when he knew it was over.

HOUND: Aye, nothing in the world beats that look.

ARYA: You protected him for most of his life. You think you could have saved him?

HOUND: I wasn't the damn wine taster. Little shit deserved to die, but poison...poison's a woman's weapon. Men kill with steel.

ARYA: That's your stupid pride talking. It's why you'll never be a great killer. I'd have killed Joffrey with a chicken bone if I had to.

HOUND: *laughs* I'd pay good money to see that. *grunts and rubs his neck*

ARYA: You should have let me burn it.

HOUND: It's a fleabite.

ARYA: That fleabite's got you walking a lot slower than you used to.

HOUND: Well, we won't have to walk too much further.

ARYA: You really think my aunt will pay for me?

HOUND: Aye, she'll pay.

ARYA: I've never even met her.

HOUND: Doesn't matter. You're her blood. Family, honor, all that horseshit. It's all you lords and ladies ever talk about.

ARYA: I'm not a lady.

GUARD: Who would pass the Bloody Gate?

HOUND: The bloody Hound, Sandor Clegane. And his...traveling companion Arya Stark, niece of your lady Lysa Arryn.

GUARD: Then I offer my condolences. Lady Arryn died. Three days ago.

[Arya bursts out laughing]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE VALE

[Petyr is walking down the stairs with Robin]

ROBIN: I've never left home before, Uncle Petyr. I'm afraid to leave.

PETYR: You shouldn't be.

ROBIN: The Lord of the Vale belongs in the Eyrie, Mother said. She said it's not safe outside.

PETYR: It wasn't safe for her inside. People die at their dinner tables. They die in their beds. They die squatting over their chamber pots. Everybody dies sooner or later. Don't worry about your death. Worry about your life. Take charge of your life for as long as it lasts. That is what it means to be Lord of the Vale.

[Sansa enters the scene and walks down the stairs, Petyr looks at her]

SANSA: Shall we go?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING

[In prison, Tyrion drinks wine from Jaime]

TYRION: Wine always helps. I thank you for it. Trial by combat. Deciding a man's guilt or innocence in the eyes of the gods by having two other men hack each other to pieces. Tells you something about the gods. How much longer?

JAIME: Soon.

TYRION: Do you think Oberyn has a chance? The Red Viper of Dorne. You don't get a name like that unless you're deadly, right?

JAIME: I've never seen him fight.

TYRION: Oh, he's going to die. I'm going to die.

JAIME: Oberyn believes in himself.

TYRION: That's putting it mildly. What's the punishment for regicide? Drawing and quartering? Hanging? Breaking at the wheel?

JAIME: Beheading.

TYRION: Seems rather ordinary. And he was my nephew as well, so what is that? Fratricide is brothers. Filicide is sons. Nepoticide. That's the one. Matricide, patricide, infanticide, suicide. There's no kind of killing that doesn't have its own word.

JAIME: Cousins.

TYRION: Cousins, you're right. There is no word for cousin killing. Well done. Do you remember cousin Orson? Orson Lannister?

JAIME: Of course. Wet-nurse dropped him on his head. Left him simple.

TYRION: Simple? Used to sit all day in the garden. Crushing beetles with a rock.

TOGETHER: Khuu! Khuu! Khuu!

TYRION: Nothing made him happier.

JAIME: Nothing made you happier. You'd think being tormented from birth would have given you some affinity for the afflicted.

TYRION: On the contrary. Laughing at another person's misery was the only thing that made me feel like everyone else.

JAIME: The joke wore thin, though.

TYRION: For you. You drifted away.

JAIME: I had other interests.

TYRION: Yes, other interests. But I stayed with Orson.

JAIME: Why?

TYRION: I was curious. Why was he smashing all those beetles? What did he get out of it? First thing I did was ask him. "Orson, why are you smashing all those beetles?" He gave me an answer. "Smash the beetles. Smash 'em. Khuu! Khuu! Khuu!" I wasn't deterred. I was the smartest person I knew. Certainly I had the wherewithal to unravel the mysteries that lay at the heart of a moron. So I went to Maester Volarik's library.

JAIME: Volarik. Tried to touch me once.

Turns out, far too much has been written about great men and not nearly enough about morons. Doesn't seem right. In any case, I found nothing that illuminated the nature of Orson's affliction or the reason behind his relentless beetle slaughter. So I went back to the source. I may not have been able to speak with Orson, but I could observe him, watch him the way men watch animals to come to a deeper understanding of their behavior. *picks up a beetle* And as I watched, I became more and more sure of it. There was something happening there. His face was like the page of a book written in a language I didn't understand. But he wasn't mindless. He had his reasons. And I became possessed with knowing what they were. I began to spend inordinate amounts of time watching him. I would eat my lunch in the garden, chewing my mutton to the music of "khuu, khuu, khuu". And when I wasn't watching him, I was thinking about him. Father droned on about the family legacy and I thought about Orson's beetles. I read the histories of Targaryen conquests. Did I hear dragon wings? No. I heard "khuu, khuu, khuu" and I still couldn't figure out why he was doing it. And I had to know, because it was horrible that all these beetles should be dying for no reason.

JAIME: Every day around the world, men, women, and children are murdered by the score. Who gives a dusty fuck about a bunch of beetles?

TYRION: I know, I know. But still, it filled me with dread. Piles and piles of them, years and years of them. How many countless living crawling things smashed and dried out and returned to the dirt? In my dreams I found myself standing on a beach made of beetle husks stretching as far as the eye could see. I woke up crying, weeping for their shattered little bodies. I tried to stop Orson once.

JAIME: He was twice your size.

TYRION: He just pushed me aside with a "khuu" and kept on smashing. Every day until that mule kicked him in the chest and killed him. *puts the beetle back on the ground* So what do you think? Why did he do it? What was it all about?

JAIME: I don't know.

[Bells begin chiming in the distance. Jaime goes to leave]

JAIME: Good luck today.

[Tyrion walks out toward the arena. The Lannisters are there, Oberyn is there getting ready for the battle. Tyrion passes him in handcuffs]

TYRION: Looks like very light armor.

OBERYN: I like to move around.

TYRION: You could at least wear a helmet. You shouldn't drink before a fight.

OBERYN: You learn this during your years in the fighting pits? I always drink before a fight.

TYRION: It could get you killed. It could get me killed.

OBERYN: Today is not the day I die.

ELLARIA: You're going to fight that?

OBERYN: I'm going to kill that.

ELLARIA: He is the biggest man I've ever seen.

OBERYN: Size does not matter when you are flat on your back.

TYRION: Thank the gods.

PYCELL: In the sight of gods and men, we gather to ascertain the guilt or innocence of this...man Tyrion Lannister. May the Mother grant them mercy. May the Father give them such justice as they deserve. And may the Warrior guide the hand of our champion...

[Tywin speeds the process along in boredom. Horns sound to start the fight. Oberyn kisses Ellaria]

ELLARIA: Don't leave me alone in this world.

OBERYN: Never.

[Oberyn is tossed his weapon. He's very good with it. The crowd cheers]

OBERYN: Have they told you who I am?

MOUNTAIN: Some dead man.

[The Mountain lunges forward as the battle begins]

OBERYN: I am the brother of Elia Martell. Do you know why I have come all the way to this stinking shit-pile of a city? For you.

OBERYN: I'm going to hear you confess before you die. You raped my sister. You murdered her. You killed her children. Say it now and we can make this quick.

OBERYN: Say it. You raped her. You murdered her. You killed her children.

OBERYN: You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children!

[Oberyn stabs the Mountain in the gut]

OBERYN: You raped her! You murdered her!

[Oberyn charges at the Mountain to give him one final blow]

OBERYN: You killed her children!

[Everyone looks down, surprised. Oberyn pulls his weapon out of the Mountain and starts walking around his body]

OBERYN: Wait. Are you dying? No, no, no. You can't die yet. You haven't confessed. Say it. Say her name. Elia Martell. You raped her. You killed her children. Elia Martell. Who gave you the order? Who gave you the order?! Say her name! You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children. Say it. Say her name. Say it!

[The Mountain trips Oberyn and grabs him in his massive hands. He punches out his teeth and gets on top of Oberyn, squeezing his head]

MOUNTAIN: Elia Martell. I killed her children. Then I raped her. Then I smashed her head in like this!

[Ellaria screams in agony. Tyrion looks dead inside]

TYWEN: *standing up* The gods have made their will known. Tyrion Lannister, in the name of King Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, you are hereby sentenced to death.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Opens on Jon Snow and Samwell Tarly standing on the edge of The Wall. It's night]

SAM: What was she like?

JON: She...she had red hair.

SAM: Oh? How big were her feet?

JON: Well what do you want me to say?

SAM: I want you to tell me what it was like to have someone. To be with someone. To love someone and have them love you back. We're all gonna die a lot sooner than I'd planned. You're the closest I'll ever get to know it.

JON: So you and Gilly never-

SAM: No...she just had a baby! ...and she never offered.

JON: But if she had, you would've? You'd have broken your vows?

SAM: The interesting thing is, our vows never specifically forbid intimate relations with women.

JON: What?

SAM: "I shall take no wife" yes, that's in there, there's no denying that. "I shall father no children" it's very specific. But what our vows have to say about other...activities...is open to interpretation.

JON: I don't think Ser Alliser cares much for interpretation.

SAM: Anyway, there's nothing for him to interpret. We didn't. So what's it like?

JON: It's...there's this person, this whole other person. And you're wrapped up in them and they're wrapped up in you and...you...for a little...for a little while you're more than just you, you're...well I don't know, I'm not a bleedin' poet!

SAM: No, you're really not.

JON: And what did I get for it? An arrow six inches from my heart.

SAM: There'll be arrows for all of us soon I imagine.

JON: There will.

SAM: They've already done the worst thing to me they could ever do.

JON: Go get some sleep, Sam. I'll take this watch.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Sam gets in the lift back down off the wall. An owl perches on a post. Cut to the Wildlings where Thenn warg is standing with his eyes white. Ygritte, Tormund, and Styr are sitting in the background]

TORMUND: Did I ever tell you about her? My Sheila?

YGRITTE: Yes.

TORMUND: Oh that was a night to remember. Of course, I'd had a good bit to drink *laughs* the fangs were sharp, but she knew how to use them. And she was nice and soft down below. No, she was no ordinary beast. [?]

YGRITTE: I know you never fucked a bear. You know you never fucked a bear. Right now I don't wanna think about the bear you never fucked. Right now all I want to think about is each one of these arrows finding its way into a Crow's heart.

TORMUND: We could be waiting here a while.

YGRITTE: Good. The longer we wait, the more arrows I'll have. When they came up here, to our land, and put up a big wall and said it was their's. Then they started hunting us down. But this time, we're the one's doing the hunting.

STYR: You've got a lot to say about killing. Even more words than arrows.

YGRITTE: Back in those villages I killed just as many of them as you did. More, I reckon.

STYR: Yes. But none of those were your Crow lover.

YGRITTE: I probably killed him already.

STYR: So you've said.

YGRITTE: And if not. The only thing left of him is gonna be his fun-bits hanging around me neck.

STYR: And more words. Know what I think you do when you see him? Serve him up a nice juicy slice of ginger minge.

[Everyone laughs. Ygritte gets up and rushes towards Styr]

YGRITTE: What, you been thinkin' about that ginger minge? Wondering what it tastes like?

STYR: Maybe I have.

YGRITTE: Jon Snow is mine. *shouting* Anyone else tries to kill him, I'll have an arrow for them. *to Styr* And not one of your bald friends is fast enough to stop me.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Gilly walks along the top of the hill with her baby, looking down at the Wildling camp. She walks away quickly. Cut to Sam in the library reading]

AEMON: And what is it that couldn't wait until morning, Tarly?

SAM: Maester Aemon. How did you know-

AEMON: That it was you? Who else but Samwell Tarly would be wasting candles to read in the middle of the night?

SAM: Let me help you.

AEMON: Oh, no need. I know my way around this library better than any other place in Castle Black. Thousands of books and no eyes to read them. Old age is a wonderful source of irony if nothing else. But you didn't answer my question, what are you reading?

SAM: Maester [?]

AEMON: Ah, the Wildlings. I can assure you that the closest Maester [?] ever got to a Wildling was this very library.

SAM: But what he says about what they do...it's all true. It's exactly what the survivors of [?] report.

AEMON: Yes. Imagine the stories Wildlings tell about us! Love is the death of duty. I told that to your friend Jon Snow once. He didn't listen and neither did you. That's why you abandoned your watch atop the wall to come here and read about the things that may have happened to the girl you love.

SAM: I don't love her.

AEMON: Yes you do.

SAM: No.

AEMON: Yes you do! I heard it in your voice when you first brought her to me. I remember how it sounds! I was in love once.

SAM: You were?

AEMON: You can imagine all manner of horrors befalling that poor girl and her child, is it so difficult to imagine that an old person was once, more or less, like you?

SAM: I'm sorry Maester, I didn't mean it like that.

AEMON: You know who I was before I came here? What I could've been if I'd only said the word? Of course you do. I met many girls when I was Aemon Targaryen. A future king always does. Some of them were quite forward in their attempts to win my affections. One of them succeeded. I was very young.

SAM: Who was she?

AEMON: Ah ha. I could tell you everything about her. Who she was. How we met. The color of her eyes and the shape of her nose. I can see her right in front of me. She's more real than you are. We could spend all night trading tales of lost love. Nothing makes the past a sweeter place to visit than the prospect of imminent death. Go to bed Tarly.

[Aemon gets up and blows out the candle. Sam leaves the room and outside hears Gilly at the gate talking with Pypar]

PYP: I'm sorry, I can't open the gate for nobody. It's orders!

GILLY: They killed everyone! Everyone but me and my baby. And they're out there. I saw them on the way here, they may have seen me, they may have followed me please!

PYP: I'm sorry, I can't.

GILLY: If they find the boy, you don't know what they'll do.

SAM: Pyp! Open the gate.

PYP: I can't.

GILLY: Sam, is that you?!

SAM: Yes!

PYP: The [?] gave me strict orders to not open the gate.

SAM: Oh, Pyp. Open the fucking gate!

[Pyp goes to open the gate]

PYP: I've never heard you curse before.

SAM: Yes, well, best get used to it.

[Gilly runs inside and Sam embraces her]

SAM: Are you alright? Shh, you're alright. Yeah, of course you are my brave little fella.

GILLY: It was horrible.

SAM: I'm so so sorry. I didn't know until I got back.

GILLY: Don't let them send me away, Sam.

SAM: Never.

GILLY: I know there's no women allowed.

SAM: Anyone who tries to throw you out will be having words with me. From now on, wherever you go, I go too.

[A horn sounds in the distance]

ALLISER: Get ready!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Members of the Night's Watch can be heard shouting frantically. The owl screeches. Cut to Thenn warg whose eyes turn back to normal]

THENN WARG: It's time.

[The Wildlings get up and look at the hill. The owl flies away as the Night's Watch prepare for battle. Jon Snow walks out to the edge of The Wall and looks down upon flames in the distance. The Night's Watch light torches preparing for battle. Barrels are rolled to the edge of The Wall]

JANOS: Pick up the pace!

[The barrels are rolled into place]

JON: There we go, boys. That's one. There's two. Come on, let's get the next lot. That's the last of the oil, Ser Alliser.

ALLISER: A hundred thousand you say?

JON: Yes sir.

ALLISER: You can say it if you like. We should've sealed the tunnel while we had the chance like you suggested.

JON: It was a difficult decision either way, Ser.

ALLISER: Do you know what leadership means, Lord Snow? It means that the person in charge gets second-guessed by every little twat with a mouth. But if he starts second-guessing himself, that's the end. For him. For the clever little twats. For everyone. This is not the end. Not for us. Not if you lot do your duty for however long it takes to beat them back. And then you get to go on hating me and I get to go on wishing your Wildling whore had finished the job.

[Sam and Gilly are walking down a hall. Sam unlocks a door and they both enter. The room is filled with supplies. Gilly lays her baby on a sack of something]

SAM: You'll be safe down here. I'll check on you as soon as I can.

GILLY: You're leaving me again?

SAM: I'm not leaving you!

GILLY: You're going up there and we're staying down here. That's leaving. You said from now on we'd stay together.

SAM: I...I didn't mean in the same room.

GILLY: What are you going to do out there?

SAM: Help my brothers.

GILLY: How?! You going to fight the Free Folk when they come? They'll kill you. In Molestown they killed everyone.

SAM: I can't just hide here with you while they're fighting out there.

GILLY: Why not? You won't matter up there, you will down here.

SAM: Look. I am a man of the Night's Watch, Gilly. I made a promise to defend The Wall and I have to keep it, because that's what men do.

[Sam kisses Gilly]

GILLY: Promise me you won't die.

SAM: I promise you I won't die.

[Sam turns around and leaves the room. Outside the Night's Watch is still getting ready for battle. Pyp sets some arrows up then stands back, scared]

SAM: There's a lot more Wildlings on the other side of the wall than this side. We've got us some weapons and things. This is the perfect place for us to be.

PYP: I've never thrown a spear before. I've never held a sword with a proper edge. There's no place for me to be. You're not afraid?

SAM: Of course I'm afraid, there's a band of Wildlings coming to kill us.

PYP: Well if you're afraid of a band of Wildlings, how in seven hells did you manage to kill a White Walker?

SAM: I didn't know I was going to kill it, but I had to do something I didn't have any choice, he was going to kill Gilly and take the baby. If someone had asked me my name right then, I wouldn't have known. I wasn't Samwell Tarly anymore. I wasn't a Steward in the Night's Watch or son of Randyll Tarly or any of that. I was nothing at all. And when you're nothing at all, there's no more reason to be afraid.

PYP: But you're afraid now?

SAM: Yes, well, I'm not nothing anymore.

[Ygritte looks up at Castle Black. She sees Sam in the tower and she runs down the hill toward the other Wildlings]

YGRITTE: Most of their men are up top. Didn't count more than twenty down there. Leftovers. They've got a little fat one and a little bony one manning the front.

STYR: How high are the walls?

YGRITTE: Well, we'll be up and over before they know what's happened.

TORMUND: Let's kill some Crows!

[Everyone cheers]

TORMUND: *yells* Come on! *puts out the fire*
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The Wildlings head towards Castle Black. Overhead shot pans to show the castle, The Wall, and then the flames in the distance. Mance Rayder's forces are seen stomping and yelling through the woods. A giant rides a giant mammoth. The Night's Watch perched upon the wall look down at them in awe]

ALLISER: Archers knock, everyone else hold.

[The archers get ready to shoot, Grenn accidentally drops a barrel]

ALLISER: I said knock and hold you cunts! Does knock mean draw?!

NIGHT'S WATCH: No Ser!

ALLISER: Does fucking hold mean fucking drop?!

NIGHT'S WATCH: No Ser!

ALLISER: You all plan to die here tonight?

NIGHT'S WATCH: No Ser!

ALLISER: That's very good to hear. Draw!

MEMBER 1: Help, down below.

[Tormund and his men rush Castle Black as archers shoot at them. Ygritte grabs flaming arrows from the ground and shots up at the Night's Watch]

JANOS: They're attacking the southern gates!

ALLISER: Now?

JANOS: Now!

ALLISER: I'm going down then. Brother Slynt, you have The Wall.

JANOS: What?!

ALLISER: What are you fucking waiting for, loose!

JANOS: You heard the man. Loose!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The archers on The Wall let loose a barrage of arrows downward at Rayder's troops. They back up, then cheer. On the other side, Ygritte continues to let loose flaming arrows]

TORMUND: You, over there.

[Pyp shoots a crossbow down at Tormund's troops]

SAM: Did you get one?

PYP: No. Ah shit, Pyp. Shit. Sam.

SAM: Yeah?

PYP: I think we're gonna die.

SAM: If you keep missing we will.

[Tormund's troops throw rope up at the gate. Alliser steps off the lift and walks towards the Night's Watch]

ALLISER: Brothers! A hundred generations have defended this castle. We've never fallen before. She will not fall tongiht. Those are Things at our walls. They eat the flesh of the men they kill. Do you want to fill the belly of a Thing tonight?

NIGHT'S WATCH: No!

ALLISER: Tonight we fight. And when the sun rises I promise you, Castle Black will stand.

[Night's Watch cheers]

ALLISER: The Night's Watch will stand.

[Night's Watch cheers]

ALLISER: With me now! Now, with me!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Alliser and the Night's Watch rush at the Wildlings that have scaled the gate. Pyp and Sam leave their position as Tormund scales the gate. On the other side Rayder's troops advance]

JANOS: No discipline. No training. Gang of thieves, that's all this is. I commanded the city watch of King's Landing. Those men obeyed orders.

JON: We can't just let them attack the gate!

JANOS: The bars of those gates are four inches of cold, rolled steel.

JON: Those are giants riding mammoths down there. Do you think your cold, rolled steel's gonna stop them?

JANOS: No such thing as giants. They're stories for the children.

GRENN: Brother Slynt! I've just got word that Ser Alliser needs you below. You're the most experienced man he's got, he said he needs ya.

JANOS: Needed below? Yes. Yes.

[Janos runs away. Jon and Grenn nod at each other]

JON: Archers! Knock your arrows! Draw! Loose!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The archers let loose a bunch of arrows at Rayder's men as they rush the wall and begin to climb]

JON: They won't summit before dawn.

GRENN: How do you know that?

JON: Because I've made that claim.

ED: I think they're in a bigger hurry than you were.

[Archers of the Night's Watch are lowered perpendicular to The Wall]

JON: Knock! Draw! Loose!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[A Wildling tries to shoot an arrow up at The Wall unsuccessfully. A giant stands next to him and shoots his own arrow up. The first rips through one of the posts. The second clears one of the Night's Watch straight off the wall.At Castle Black the fighting continues. Styr kills a man, the blood splatters on Olly's face. Janos comes down off the lift and Olly returns the lift to the top. Wildlings break into the kitchen. Janos cowardly runs down a hall toward where Gilly and her baby are hiding. He looks at her in shock. Outside Pyp finally hits someone with his crossbow.]

PYP: I got one. Right through the heart, he's dead.

SAM: Oh, is it over?

PYP: Huh?

SAM: Well then. *hands Pyp a loaded crossbow*

[Pyp goes up to shoot a Wildling, but Ygrytte shoots an arrow right through his neck. He falls into Sam's arms]

SAM: You're alright. You're alright. I'll get help. Shh, shh. Maester [?] is coming, he's gonna make it alright.

JON: Now!

ED: Now!

[The Night's Watch drop barrels down toward the Wildlings that approach the gate. Two giants and a mammoth approach the gate and begin pulling at it with long ropes]

JON: *to Grenn* The outer gate won't hold. Take five men, hold the inner gate.

GRENN: Alright.

JON: *grabs Grenn's arm* Hold the gate. If they make it through...

GRENN: They won't. Come on Hill! And you Cooper! You three, on me! Come on you lazy bastards!

JON: Oil!

ED: Oil on the ramp!

ALLISER: Protect the gate!

[Alliser and Tormund start fighting each other like badasses. Tormund slices Alliser in the gut. Alliser falls to the ground and gets dragged underneath]

ALLISER: Hold the fucking gate! Hold it!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Sam sits with Pyp on his lap, dead. He lays him on the ground and grabs the crossbow. He makes a run for the lift as Thenn warg sees him and chases after him. Sam shoots him in the head with his crossbow. Grenn and the men that came down with him get off the lift]

SAM: *to Grenn* We need more men down here.

GRENN: We have to hold the gate.

SAM: But we need men here.

GRENN: Tell Jon! He's in command. *to the men behind him* Let's go!

[Sam gets in the lift]

SAM: *to Olly* Get me to the top! You hear me?!

[Olly sits on the ground with his hands over his ears in fear]

SAM: Your name's Olly, right? Listen to me Olly, get me to the top and when we give a signal, bring us back down. Do you hear me?

[Olly raises the lift]

SAM: And find a weapon, Olly. Fight them!

[Olly looks down at a bow and arrow. On The Wall, barrels of flaming oil are dropped down on the giants and the mammoth. The mammoth goes running off and one of the giants chases after it. Up top, one of the barrels got stuck and the men of the Night's Watch frantically try to get it off the ramp. A spear is fired down at one of the giants and it hits him right in the back. The other giant shouts in anger and goes to raise the gate with his bare hands. The barrel explodes on the ramp. Sam approaches Jon]

JON: What are you doing up here?

SAM: The Wildlings are over the walls. Ser Alliser has fallen. The castle walls can't stand much longer.

JON: Ed. You have The Wall. If they try the mammoths again, drop fire on them. If the climbers get too high, drop the scythe on them.

[Jon leaves his post and grabs his sword]

JON: Two brothers now fight with me.

ED: Might as well enjoy our last night, right boys? Light the fuckers up. Knock! Draw! Loose!

[Grenn gets to the inner gate with his men as the giant continues to raise the gate]

DONNEL: How are we gonna stop that?

COOPER: We shot twenty-eight arrows in him already.

GRENN: You heard Jon, we hold the gate.

DONNEL: Jon Snow's not Lord Commander.

GRENN: We hold the gate!

[The giant lifts the gate and goes under it]

DONNEL: Mother save me. Father save me.

GRENN: The gods aren't down here. It's the six of us, you hear me?

DONNEL: No, please.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[The giant rushes toward the inner gate as Grenn and his men stand in fear, ready to fight]

GRENN: Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns

All TOGETHER: And win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come!

[Jon, Sam, and the other men ride the lift to the bottom]

JON: *to Sam* I don't want you out there.

SAM: You can't protect me forever. There won't be anywhere to hide if the castle falls.

[Jon hands Sam a key]

JON: I need him more than I need you.

[Sam nods as Jon opens the lift door early and leaps out and begins fighting. So begins the most incredible shot in the series, as the camera pans around the entire battlefield showing us glimpses of this truly epic battle. Sam runs to a door and unlocks it]

SAM: We need you boy.

[Ghost runs out and attacks one of the men that Jon was fighting. Tormund gets his first arrow to the back. Styr sees Jon and rushes to fight him. They go at it for a bit. Ygritte runs out of arrows so she jumps down and steals some from a dead body. Styr and Jon are still fighting as Ygritte finally spots Jon. Styr slams Jon's face against an anvil. Jon kills Styr with a hammer. As he turns around he sees Yrgitte with an arrow aimed right at him. They both stare, Jon smiles. An arrow goes straight through Ygritte's chest. She falls to the ground. It was Olly, that bastard. Jon rushes to catch Ygritte]

YGRITTE: Jon Snow.

JON: No, shh, don't talk.

YGRITTE: Do you remember that cave?

[Jon nods]

YGRITTE: We should've stayed in that cave.

JON: We'll go back there.

YGRITTE: You know nothing, Jon Snow.

[Ygritte dies. The battle rages on as Jon holds Ygritte's dead body. On the other side, Rayder's troops are climbing the wall]

ED: Drop the scythe, boys!

[A massive scythe drops down on the men]

ED: Hoister up!

[Rayder's troops retreat]

ED: They've had enough for one night.

[The Night's Watch cheers in excitement]

ED: Don't cheer too loud. They still outnumber us a thousand to one.

[Inside Castle Black's walls Tormund is still alive, swinging his sword with two arrows in his back]

JON: Tormund. It's over, let it end.

TORMuND: This is how a man ends.

[Jon grabs a crossbow and shoots Tormund in the leg then kicks away his weapon]

JON: Put him in chains. We'll question him later.

TORMUND: I should've thrown you from the top of your wall boy!

JON: Aye, you should've.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Gilly hears someone entering her room. She grabs a leg of meat as a weapon and rushes the door]

SAM: Woah! It's me. It's me. I promised you, didn't I?

[Sam turns around and sees Janos. Outside the Night's Watch clean up after the battle. Sam and Jon descend the stairs]

SAM: We held them off.

JON: For one night.

SAM: This is a great victory.

JON: Great victory? Mance was testing our defenses. He almost made it through. And he has more giants, he has more mammoths. He has a thousand times as many men. They'll hit us again tonight. Maybe we can hold them off for a day or two, but we can never beat them.

SAM: Where are you going?

JON: I'm going to find Mance.

SAM: To...you can't do that. No one gave you any orders.

JON: Who's left to give orders? The Wildling army is only an army because of Mance. He united a hundred warring tribes. Without Mance they lose their leader. They lose their purpose, they go back to fighting each other, scatter back to their home.

SAM: Without Mance? You're going to kill him?

JON: I'm going to try.

SAM: They'll never let you within a hundred yards of him. And if you did, even if you managed to kill him.

JON: He'll kill me. If I don't go he'll kill me anyway. They'll kill the rest of us too.

SAM: He won't just kill ya. They'll boil you. They'll filet you. They'll make it last days!

JON: You're right. It's a bad plan. What's your plan?

[Jon stands there for a second as he and Sam look at each other, then he walks off, Sam scampering after him. They walk down the tunnel toward the gate. The giant and Grenn and his men are dead on the ground]

JON: They held the gate. Get some brothers down here to help you. You need to burn the bodies. Raise the outer gate, then lower it again as soon as I'm out.

[Sam waves his torch to signal the raising of the gate. Jon removes his sword]

SAM: What are you doing?

JON: I promised Jeor I'd never lose it again. *he hands the sword to Sam* In case I don't come back.

SAM: Jon. Come back.

[The gate raises and Jon walks through it]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Jon Snow leaves the tunnel and walks out into the snow. Smoking dead bodies lie all around him. As he walks into the forest he becomes surrounded by Wildlings. He has entered the Wildling camp unarmed]

MANCE: You're wearing a black cloak again.

JON: I've been sent to negotiate with you.

[Mance and Jon enter Mance's tent and take a seat]

MANCE: It appears my trusting nature got the better of me. It's happened before. I was hoping your loyalty was real when you pledged yourself to us, Jon Snow, truly I was.

JON: The Halfhand ordered me to join your army and bring back whatever information I could to Castle Black. He made me kill him so you'd trust me. I was loyal, to him and to my Night's Watch vows.

MANCE: All of your vows? She wasn't enough to turn ya, eh? Were you enough to turn her?

JON: She put three arrows in me when I escaped.

MANCE: Did you see her again at Castle Black?

JON: Yes.

MANCE: And?

JON: She's dead.

MANCE: Your doing?

JON: No.

MANCE: We'll drink to her.

[One of the Wildlings gets two cups and fills them with liquid. Jon looks at Mance]

MANCE: Of all the ways I'd kill you, poison would be the last.

[They pick up their cups]

MANCE: Ygritte.

JON: Ygritte.

[They take a sip and Jon begins to cough]

JON: That's not wine.

MANCE: No, it's a proper Northern drink, Jon Snow. You did well. Fought hard. Killed some of our strongest men. One of our giants went into your tunnel and never came out again. Mag the Mighty.

JON: He's dead. He killed my friend Grenn.

MANCE: He was their king. Last of a bloodline that stretches back before the First Men.

JON: Grenn came from a farm.

[They lift their cups]

MANCE: Mag and Grenn.

JON: Grenn and Mag.

MANCE: Kullback, could I trouble you for something to eat? I don't imagine our guest has eaten anything in quite some time. So. You're here to strike a bargain?

JON: Turn your army around and go home.

MANCE: You know I know you're low on arrows. You're low on oil. You're low on men. How many are left? 50?

JON: I told Tormund and Orell. We have more than a thousand men.

MANCE: I showed you everything I had. The whole army, a hundred thousand strong, and what did you do? You fired on us with everything you had. It wasn't much. Soon as I saw that I sent four hundred men to climb the wall. An unmanned stretch five miles west of here. A lot of them will die climbing, but most of them will be over by the end of the day. This is me being honest with you, Jon Snow, which is more than you've ever done for me. My people have bled enough. We're not here to conquer, we're here to hide behind your wall just like you. We need your tunnel. Now we both know that winter is coming and if my people aren't south of the wall when it comes in earnest, we'll all end up worse than dead. Wanna strike a bargain with me? Here's a bargain. You go back, you open the gates to us and I swear to you that no one else will die. Refuse and we'll kill every last man in Castle Black.

[Jon looks over towards the knife. The Wildlings get their weapons ready]

MANCE: Ah! Oh, that's why you're here. I reckon you could do it before any of them could stop ya. They'd kill you of course, they'd kill ya slow, but ya knew that when you came in here. Are you capable of that, Jon Snow? Killing a man in his own tent when he's just offered ya peace? Is that what the Night's Watch is? Is that what you are?

[A horn blows in the distance. Everyone scrambles, Mance draws a knife to Jon's neck]

MANCE: You attacking us?

JON: No, it's like you said, we don't have the men.

[The Wildlings run around frantically. Men on horseback ride toward them]

MANCE: Hold! To me. To me.

[The horsemen continue toward the Wildlings, killing all in their path. The Wildlings fight back, clearly outnumbered]

MANCE: Stand down! I said my people have bled enough and I meant it.

[Stannis Baratheon and Davos Seaworth ride up toward Mance Rayder. They get off their horses. Mance disarms himself]

STANNIS: You're the king beyond the wall?

[Mance nods]

STANNIS: You know who I am?

MANCE: Never had the pleasure.

DAVOS: This is Stannis Baratheon, the one true king of the seven kingdoms.

MANCE: We're not in the seven kingdoms and you're not dressed for this weather.

STANNIS: It is customary to kneel when surrendering to a king.

MANCE: We do not kneel.

STANNIS: I'll have thousands of your men in chains by nightfall, I'll have nowhere to put them and nothing to feed them. I'm not here to slaughter beat dogs. Their fate depends on their king.

MANCE: All the same, we do not kneel.

STANNIS: Take these men away.

DAVOS: What are men of the Night's Watch doing in a Wildling camp?

JON: I was sent to discuss terms with the king beyond the wall.

DAVOS: You're speaking to the one true king boy. You'll address him as your grace.

JON: I know he's the king. My father died for him. My name is Jon Snow, your grace. I'm Ned Stark's son.

STANNIS: Your father was an honorable man.

JON: He was, your grace.

STANNIS: What do you think he'd have done with him?

JON: I was this man's prisoner once. He could've tortured me, he could've killed me, but he spared my life. I think my father would've taken him prisoner, listened to what he had to say.

STANNIS: Very well. *to Davos* Take him.

JON: Your grace. If my father'd seen the things that I've seen, he'd also tell you to burn the dead before nightfall. All of them.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING

[Qyburn is seen closely analyzing Gregor's body. He's in Pycelle's lab with Cersei]

PYCELLE: I would suggest milk of the poppy to ease his pain but he is completely insensate.

CERSEI: Bloody Martells.

PYCELLE: The cause appears to be manticore venom.

QYBURN: It is, yes, manticore.

PYCELLE: I've read a good deal about it. It's a horrible poison, usually Mantari in origin. Oh! Yes, yes. There's nothing to be done.

QYBURN: Yes there is.

PYCELLE: May I ask what you think you're doing?

QYBURN: Saving him.

PYCELLE: Your grace. I wish it were otherwise, but Ser Gregor is beyond saving. Well, well beyond. This man is not even a Maester, let alone Grand Maester.

QYBURN: That's for the best. No Maester knows how to save him.

PYCELLE: That is exactly the sort of arrogance that had him expelled from the citadel, your grace. His curiosity was deemed dangerous and unnatural. Rightly so in my opinion.

CERSEI: You're dismissed, Grand Maester.

PYCELLE: Your grace. This is my laboratory!

CERSEI: Not anymore.

[Pycelle leaves the laboratory angrily as Qyburn tries to save Gregor's body]

CERSEI: You can save him?

QYBURN: Difficult to say, your grace, but if my past work is any guide. We stand a chance.

CERSEI: Do everything you can. Come to me with anything you need.

QYBURN: Thank you, your grace. You should know, the process may change him, somewhat.

CERSEI: Will it weaken him?

QYBURN: Oh no.

CERSEI: Very well then.

[Cersei leaves as Qyburn drains Gregor's blood. Cersei is seen arguing with Tywin]

TYWIN: Not another word. We've been over this, the matter's closed.

CERSEI: I'm opening it again.

TYWIN: You are betrothed to Loras Tyrell. Still betrothed to Loras Tyrell and you will marry Loras Tyrell as soon as Tommen marries Margaery.

CERSEI: I will not.

TYWIN: Jaime cannot marry or inherit lands. Tyrion's sentence will be carried out tomorrow. You have, on several occasions, made great claims about your commitment to this family's future. Your role in that future is more vital now than it ever was.

CERSEI: I don't care. I will stay in King's Landing where I belong with my son, the king.

TYWIN: When you were nine years old, I was called to the capital. I decided to take your brother with me and not you. You insisted that you would not be left at Casterly Rock under any circumstances and if you recall-

CERSEI: I'm not interested in hearing another one of your smug stories about the time you won. This isn't going to be one of those times.

TYWIN: Do you think you'll be the first person dragged into a sept to be married against her will?

CERSEI: When you marched into the throne room to tell me we'd won the Battle at Blackwater, do you remember?! I was sitting on the iron throne with Tommen. I was about to give him essence of nightshade, that's how far I was willing to go when I thought someone awful had come to take my son away. Someone awful is coming to take him away.

TYWIN: No.

CERSEI: Joffrey is dead. Myrcella's been sold like livestock. And now you want to ship me off to Highgarden and steal my boy, my last boy. Margaery will dig her claws in and you will dig your claws in and you will fight over him like beasts until you rip him apart. I will burn our house to the ground before I let that happen.

TYWIN: And how will you do that?

CERSEI: I'll tell everyone the truth.

TYWIN: And what truth would that be?

CERSEI: You don't know, do you? You never believed it. How is that possible? What am I saying, of course it's possible. How can someone so consumed by the idea of his family have any conception what his actual family was doing? We were right there in front of you and you didn't see us. One look in the past twenty years, one real look and you would've known.

TYWIN: Known what?

CERSEI: Everything they say is true about Jaime and me.

TYWIN: No, no, no, no, no.

CERSEI: Your legacy is a lie.

TYWIN: I don't believe you.

CERSEI: Yes you do.

[Cersei walks away, leaving Tywin standing there alone. Jaime is turning pages in a book in another room]

CERSEI: Jaime.

JAIME: You won. One fewer brother. Must be proud of yourself. There's really nothing you wouldn't do, is there?

CERSEI: For my family, no. I would do things for my family you couldn't imagine.

JAIME: Tyrion is your family.

CERSEI: He's not.

JAIME: You don't get to choose.

CERSEI: I do, so do you. You can choose the creature that killed our mother to come into this world-

JAIME: Are you really mad enough to blame him for that? He didn't decide to kill her. He was an infant.

CERSEI: A disease doesn't decide to kill you, all the same you cut it out before it does. What do you decide? What do you choose?

JAIME: The things I did to get back to you, to endure all that, only to find you-

[Cersei kisses Jaime]

CERSEI: I choose you.

JAIME: Those are words.

CERSEI: Yes. Like the ones I just said to father. I told him.

JAIME: Told him what?

CERSEI: I told him about us.

JAIME: You told him?

CERSEI: I told him I wouldn't marry Loras Tyrell. I told him I'm staying right here with Tommen, with you.

JAIME: You think he'll just accept that?

CERSEI: Go and ask him.

[Cersei kisses Jaime]

JAIME: What did you say?

CERSEI: I don't want to talk about Tywin Lannister. I don't choose Tywin Lannister, I don't love Tywin Lannister. I love my brother. I love my lover. People will whisper, they'll make their jokes. Let them. They're all so small I can't even see them. I only see what matters.

[Cersei kisses Jaime's metal hand. Jaime pulls her close and kisses her]

JAIME: Someone will walk in.

CERSEI: I don't care.

[Jaime picks Cersei up and lays her on the table as the start having sex.]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: MEREEN

[Daenerys is sitting on her throne listening to her people's problems]

MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* You stand before Daenerys Stormborn, the Unburnt, Queen of Mereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men. Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons.

FENNESZ: *in Valyrian* Thank you for seeing me, your grace. My name is Fennesz. I can speak the common tongue if you wish.

DAENERYS: You speak it very well.

FENNESZ: Before you freed me, I belonged to Master Mighdal. I was tutor to his children. I taught them languages and history. They know a great deal about your family because of me. Little Calla is only seven, but she admires you very much.

DAENERYS: I hope I can prove worthy of her admiration. What can I do for you?

FENNESZ: When you took the city, the children begged me not to leave the house. But Master Mighdal and I agreed that I must. So I lost my home. Now I live on the streets.

DAENERYS: I have outfitted mess halls to feed all former slaves and barracks to shelter them.

FENNESZ: I do not mean to offend, your grace. I went to one of these places. The young prey on the old. Take what they want and beat us if we resist.

DAENERYS: My Unsullied will make them safe again in short order my friend, this I promise you.

FENNESZ: Even if they are safe, who would I be there? What purpose would I serve? With my master, I was a teacher. I had the respect and love of these children.

DAENERYS: What is it that you want from me?

FENNESZ: Your grace, I ask you to let me sell myself back to Master Mighdal.

DAENERYS: You want to return to a man who owned you, like a goat or a chair?

FENNESZ: Please, your grace, the young may rejoice in the new world you've built for them. But for those of us too old to change there is only fear and squalor. I am not alone. There are many outside waiting to beg the same-

DAENERYS: I did not take this city to preside over the injustice I fought to destroy. I took it to bring people freedom. But freedom means making your own choices. I will allow you to sign a contract with your former master. It may not cover a period lasting longer than a year.

FENNESZ: Thank you, your grace. Thank you.

[Fennesz leaves slowly]

BARRISTAN: The masters will take advantage of this situation. The men serving them will be slaves in all but name.

[Another man enters the hall]

DAENERYS: Approach my friend.

MAN: *in Low Valyrian* I do not understand, my queen. I do not understand, my queen.

MISSANDEI: *in Low Valyrian* The Queen says you may approach.

MAN: *crying, speaking Low Valyrian*

MISSANDEI: *translating* I have brought you. He came from the sky. The black one. The winged shadow. He came from the sky and...

[The man kneels on the ground sobbing, laying a pile of burnt bones on the ground]

MISSANDEI: *translating* My girl. My little girl.

[The man continues to sob. In another room Daenerys is speaking with Missandei]

DAENERYS: What was her name?

MISSANDEI: Zala, your grace.

DAENERYS: How old was she?

MISSANDEI: Three.

DAENERYS: Three. *in Valyrian* And still no word on Drogon?

GREY WORM: *in Valyrian* Sailors saw him flying over the Black Cliffs three days ago, my queen. Nothing since then.

DAENERYS: *in Valyrian* Meet me in the catacombs.

[The entrance to the catacombs is rolled open. Daenerys' dragons enter followed by Daenerys. Inside there is food for them. They chomp at the food as Daenerys puts a chain collar around their necks. She walks away crying as they screech at her. She turns around as the catacombs close with tears in her eyes.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK

[Aemon and the rest of the Night's Watch burn the bodies of their fallen comrades]

AEMON: They came to us from White Harbor and Barrowton, from Fairmarket and King's Landing, from north and south, from east and west. They died protecting men, women, and children who will never know their names. It is for us to remember them. Our brothers, we shall never see their like again.

ALL TOGETHER: And now their watch is ended.

AEMON: And now their watch is ended.

[Aemon passes the torch around as each member of the Night's Watch helps burn the bodies. Stannis watches from above. Jon Snow and Melisandre share a look]

TORMUND: Your old blind man patched me up. Why?

JON: He's sworn to treat all wounded men, friend or foe.

TORMUND: You want me alive so you can torture me?

JON: No one's going to torture you.

TORMUND: So how do we die? Hanging? Beheading? Drop us from the top of the wall?

JON: I don't know what happens to the prisoners.

TORMUND: Who decides?

JON: I suppose Stannis does.

TORMUND: He your king now?

JON: I don't have a king.

TORMUND: You spent too much time with us, Jon Snow. You can never be a kneeler again.

JON: We're gonna burn the bodies of your dead. Do you want to say any words over them?

TORMUND: Words? What kind of words?

JON: Funeral words. I don't know how the Free Folk do it.

TORMUND: Do what?

JON: Say farewell.

TORMUND: The dead can't hear us, boy.

[Jon walks away]

TORMUND: Snow. Did you love her? She loved you.

JON: She told you?

TORMUND: No. All she ever talked about was killing you. That's how I know. She belongs in the North. The real North. You understand me?

[Jon leaves and takes Ygritte's body out past The Wall. He burns her body in a pile of logs.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL

[Hodor drags Bran through the snow followed by Jojen and Meera Reed]

MEERA: We can stop, we can rest.

JOJEN: We'll rest with the three-eyed raven.

[Jojen falls to the ground]

MEERA: We're not going to make it.

JOJEN: We're already here.

BRAN: Jojen. Jojen! Look, Jojen, look.

[The group stands at the edge of a cliff. A large tree is seen not too far off in the distance. They head toward it. As they walk a skeleton hand reaches up and drags Jojen to the ground. It starts pulling him backwards as Meera runs towards him]

MEERA: JOJEN! Hold on!

BRAN (to Hodor): Help them! Now!

MEERA: Hold on to me!

[More hands burst from the ground.]

HODOR: Hodor...

BRAN: Help them!

[Skeleton warriors have now emerged from the ground. They attack Jojen, Meera and Hodor. A brawl ensues. One of them attacks Bran until his direwolf, Summer, fights it off. Bran then wargs into Hodor and starts fighting back.]

JOJEN: Bran! Save yourself, now!

[Meera defeats a skeleton warrior, only to see another repeatedly stabbing Jojen. Just as two skeletons close in on the warging Bran, theyre destroyed by two fireballs, apparently controlled by a young girl.]

GIRL: Come with me, Brandon Stark!

[She looks at Meera and Jojen.]
GIRL: He is lost. Come with me, or die with him.

[JOJEN: Go with them.

The girl throws some more fireballs and the group move into a cave. When the skeletons try to follow, they explode.]

GIRL: They cannot follow us. The power that moves them is powerless here.

BRAN: Who are you?

GIRL: The First Men called us The Children, but we were born long before them. Come, he waits for you.

[They enter a room filled with tree roots. An old man is seated in the center. Bran approaches him.]

BRAN: Youre the three-eyed raven.

OLD MAN: I have been many things. Now, I am what you see.

MEERA: My brother, he led us to you, and now he

OLD MAN: He knew what would happen. From the moment he left, he knew, and he went anyway.

MEERA: How do you know?

OLD MAN: Ive been watching you. All of you, all of your lives, with a thousand eyes and one. Now youve come to me at last, Brandon Stark, though the hour is late.

BRAN: I didnt want anyone to die for me.

OLD MAN: He died so that you could find what you have lost.

BRAN: Youre going to help me walk again?

OLD MAN: Youll never walk again. But you will fly.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE RIVERLANDS

[Brienne and Podrick wake up in the open air on their way to the Eyrie.]

BRIENNE: Podrick. Podrick! Where are the horses?

PODRICK: I hobbled them last night.

BRIENNE: What sort of hobble?

PODRICK: A figure-eight, like you taught me.

BRIENNE: If you did it like I taught you then the horses would be here.

PODRICK: Thieves, maybe?

BRIENNE: Its at least thirty miles to the Eyrie from here. Youre carrying the saddle bags.

[Brienne sees Arya Stark practising her river-dancing.]

ARYA: People coming. You can shit later, theres people coming!

BRIENNE: Morning!

ARYA: Morning.

BRIENNE: I like your sword. Are we getting close to the bloody gate?

ARYA: About ten more miles.

BRIENNE: Did you hear that Podrick? Only about ten more miles to the Bloody Gate.

ARYA: Are you a knight?

BRIENNE: No.

ARYA: But you know how to use that sword.

BRIENNE: I do.

ARYA: Does it have a name?

BRIENNE: Oathkeeper.

ARYA: Mines Needle.

BRIENNE: Good name.

ARYA: Who taught you how to fight?
BRIENNE: My father.

ARYA: Mine never wanted to. Said fighting was for boys.

BRIENNE: Mine said the same. But I kept fighting the boys anyway. Kept losing. Finally my father said, If youre going to do it, you might as well do it right.

[Sandor The Hound Clegane emerges.]

BRIENNE: Seven blessings. Im Brienne of Tarth, this is Podrick Payne.

HOUND: You want something?

PODRICK: Thats Sandor Clegane- the Hound.

BRIENNE: Youre Arya Stark.

HOUND: I asked if you wanted something.

BRIENNE: I swore to your mother I would bring you home to her.

ARYA: My mothers dead.

BRIENNE: I know. I wish I couldve been there to protect her.

ARYA: Youre not a northerner.

BRIENNE: I know, but I swore a sacred vow to protect her.

ARYA: Why didnt you?

BRIENNE: She commanded me to bring Jaime Lannister back to Kings Landing.

HOUND: Youre paid by the Lannisters. Youre here for the bounty on me.

BRIENNE: Im not paid by the Lannisters.

HOUND: No? Fancy sword youve got there. Whered you get it? Ive been looking at Lannister gold all my life. Go on, Brienne of fuckign Tarth, tell me thats not Lannister gold.

BRIENNE: Jaime Lannister gave me this sword.

ARYA: The Bloody Gates ten miles.
BRIENNE: I swore to your mother by the Old Gods and the New

ARYA: I dont care what you swore!

BRIENNE: Arya!

HOUND: You heard the girl! Shes not coming with you.

BRIENNE: She is.

[Brienne and The Hound both draw their swords.]

HOUND: Youre not a good listener. Valyrian steel-- Ive always wanted some Valyrian steel.

BRIENNE: Come with me Arya. Ill take you to safety.

HOUND: Safety?! Where the fucks that? Her aunt in the Eyries dead. Her mothers dead, her fathers dead, her brothers dead. Winterfells a pile of rubble. Theres no safety, you dumb bitch. If you dont know that by now, youre the wrong one to watch over her.

BRIENNE: And thats what youre doing? Watching over her?

HOUND: Aye, thats what Im doing.

[They begin a swordfight. The Hound seems to have the upper hand but Brienne defends well and floors him.]

BRIENNE: I have no wish to kill you Ser.

[The Hound grabs Briennes blade with his palms, shoves it to one side and punches her.]

HOUND: Im not a knight.

[They fight bare-handed, Brienne bites off The Hound's ear, then The Hound draws a knife, and Brienne grabs a rock. She pushes The Hound down a steep cliff.]

BRIENNE: Arya! Arya! ARYA! Where is she?

PODRICK: She was just here...

BRIENNE: Why werent you watching her?

PODRICK: I was watching you I thought you migth need some help

BRIENNE: Which way Pod? Which way did she go?

PODRICK: Ah, I think that way.

BRIENNE: Arya!

[The camera moves to show us Arya hiding just above Brienne. She walks down to The Hound.]

HOUND: Youre still here? [Coughs] Big bitch saved you.

ARYA: I dont need saving.

HOUND: No, not you. Youre a real killer. With your water dancing, and your needle.

ARYA: Youre gonna die?

HOUND: Unless theres a Maester hiding behind that rock, aye, Im done. Id skin you alive for wine. [Arya offers water.] Fuck water! Killed by a woman. I bet you liked that. Go on, go after her. Shell help you. Going out alone, you wont last a day out there

ARYA: Ill last longer than you.

HOUND: You remember where the heart is? Fuck it. Im ready. Go on, girl. Another name off your list. You kept promising me. I cut down your butchers boy, the ginger. He was begging for mercy. Please sir, please dont kill me, please, please. Bled all over my horse. Saddle stunk of butchers boy for weeks. And your sister, your pretty sister. I shouldve taken her. That night the Blackwater burned, I shouldve fucked her bloody. At least Id have one happy memory! Do I have to beg you? Do it. Do it.

[Arya stands up, takes The Hounds coin purse, and walks away.]

HOUND: Kill me. Kill me! Kill me! Kill me!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING

[We enter Tyrions cell. The door opens.]

TYRION: Oh, get on with it you son of a whore.

JAIME: Is that any way to speak about our mother?

TYRION: Whatre you doing?

JAIME: What do you think Im doing? The galleys waiting in the bay bound for the Free Cities.

TYRION: Whos helping you?

JAIME: Varys.

TYRION: Varys?

JAIME: You have more friends than you thought.

[They reach the end of the underground tunnel.]

JAIME: Theres a locked door at the top of the stairs. Knock on it twice, and then twice again. Varys will open.

TYRION: I suppose this is goodbye, then.

[They hug.]

JAIME: Farewell, little brother.

TYRION: Jaime, thank you. For my life.

JAIME: Quickly now.

[Tyrion takes a torch and uses a trap door to enter a room. There is a woman sleeping on a double bed, and we see the booch of the Hand of the King.]

WOMAN: Tywin my lion...

[We see that the woman is Shae. She grabs a knife, and she and Tyrion struggle. Tyrion eventually strangles her with the bedclothes, weeping.]

TYRION: Im sorry. Im sorry.

[Tyrion takes a crossbow from the wall and walks in on Tywin on the privy.]

TYWIN: Tyrion! Put down the crossbow. Who released you? Ah, your brother ,I expect. He always had a soft spot for you. Come, well go and talk in my chambers. Is this how you want to speak to me? Shaming your father has always given you pleasure

TYRION: All my life, youve wanted me dead.

TYWIN: Yes. But you refused to die. I respect that, even admire it. You fight for whats yours. Id never let them execute you; is that what you fear? Id never let Illyn Paynetake your head. Youre a Lannister. Youre my son.

TYRION: I loved her.

TYWIN: Who?

TYRION: Shae.

TYWIN: Bah, Tyrion. Put down that crossbow.

TYRION: I murdered her. With my own hands.

TYWIN: It doesnt matter.

TYRION: It doesnt matter?

TYWIN: She was a whore!

TYRION: Say that word again.

TYWIN: And what? Youll kill your own father in the privy? No. Youre my son. Enough of this nonsense

TYRION: I am your son, and you sentenced me to die. You knew I didnt poison Joffrey, but you sentenced me all the same. Why?

TYWIN: Enough. Well go back to my chambers and speak with some dignity.

TYRION: I cant go back there. Shes in there.

TYWIN: What, are you afraid of a dead whore?

[Tyrion fires the crossbow at Tywin.]

TYWIN: You shot me. Youre no son of mine.

TYRION: I am your son. I have always been your son.

[Tyrion fires again.]

VARYS: What have you done? Quickly. Trust me, my friend, Ive brought you this far.

[Varys loads Tyrion, in a transport container, onto a ship. He goes to walk back to King's Landing, but turns around and boards the ship himself]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
CUT TO: THE RIVERLANDS

[We go back to Arya, alone. She rides her horse to a small port.]

ARYA: I want to see the captain.

CAPTAIN: Youre seeing him.

ARYA: I want to go north, to the wall.

CAPTAIN: No you dont.

ARYA: I can pay.

CAPTAIN: There is nothing in the north but ice and war and pirates.

ARYA: I wouldnt need a cabin. Please, I could work, scrubbing the floors, or

CAPTAIN: Im not going north, child, were going home.

ARYA: Wheres home?

CAPTAIN: The Free City of Braavos.

ARYA: Wait, I have something else.

CAPTAIN: More silver wont make a difference.

ARYA: Its not silver, its iron.

[Arya hands over the token she was given by Jaqen H'ghar.]

ARYA: Valar morghulis.

CAPTAIN: How did you valar dohaeris. Of course, you shall have a cabin.

[We see Arya aboard the ship.]
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -







